Please call no.7085666681 if you have any questions.
Police found that the group of five was a gang of criminals who wanted to make money.
That city is square, the length is equal to the length of the equal thing.
He said Rapsang had promised before contesting as the Congress candidate in 2017 to build a Medical College in the presence of Dr Mukul Sangma as the Prime Minister. AL Hek as Minister of Health and Family Welfare on the occasion of laying the foundation stone for the construction of the Medical College on the ground floor of the TB Hospital and to relocate the TB Hospital to Umsawli. a mountain that has given birth to two children and has given birth to a dkhan.
Replying to a question, Kong Lyngdoh said the fund has been spent from the Planning Department.
The government often borrows money from overseas banks such as the World Bank, the Asian Development Bank and others.
“Employees or assistants of one political party shall not cause disturbance or disrupt election campaign meetings held by other political parties by asking questions to candidates or giving written or distributing leaflets of you are the world's leader"
On the last day of the festival, an awareness program was held on various issues ranging from 'the value of education' 'part time schooling' 'family' 'health' ''governance' 'superstition' other areas through resource persons or trainers and explainers on these various issues.
He said that the protest against the dismissal of the illegally appointed person is not only now, but for the future and the appointment will have to follow the rules of the NEHU Act and federal laws on how to recruit.
I'm 25 years old and I still remember.
“These days, there are leaders who say that the taking of jait is the free will of each individual, then the nation has been destroyed, because when the customs and traditions live, the nation lives, but these want to make it lighter. to the nation.
The Minister said that the leaders in the Legislative Assembly have high expectations for the provision of health facilities and have high expectations in each constituency.
In 7 polling stations, 1 PS in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in Rambrai AC, 2 in East Garo Hills, 1 PS in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Garo At all these polling stations, the DEOs and ROs have been directed to follow the rules of the ECI during the counting of votes.
China's decision at this time is to reopen the country to foreigners to enter China freely without having to go through checks especially in terms of tests in relation to Covid-1
According to Manas, the allegation is a political move at the expense of someone else and he does not want to name those who accused him even though he lost the election.
Muslims understand the impact of the BJP's Uniform Civil Code, but Christians, whether in the North East, especially in Meghalaya, are not aware of it.
He urged the government not to deceive the people especially the small coal miners by allowing the CMPDI and if it is allowed it will deprive the small coal miners because if it goes according to the plan of the CMPDI it will be right. only to the owners.
The BDO, Thadlaskein West Jaintia Hills District has distributed food items to 157 households in Lapangap village on the border of Assam and Meghalaya.
She also congratulated the Umkiang Dorbar Shnong under the leadership of Bah Lasting Pala, the Umkiang Youth Association under the leadership of Samla Shanbor Dhar, the Eastern Narpuh Border Fishing Association under the leadership of Ma Decided Suja. Sonapyrdi under the leadership of Syrosse Lamare, also congratulated the Waheh Shnong of Pyrtakuna, Bah William Shylla, all the people and people who came from Mynkre, Chiehruphi, Wahiajer, Lumshnong, Donaskur, Dona Umbluh and others. There were also people from other villages who supported the opposition of the 6 villages to the Public Hearing of Star Cement.
In this regard, only the Supreme Court can do anything, or the Supreme Court should have acted strongly to stop the illegal mining and transportation of coal; However, if it is left to the state government alone, it cannot do anything because it is involved like a chain of silver with those who violate the law.
The BJP is currently fighting for 11 MPs from the AIADMK and seven MPs from the Biju Janata Dal.
The Smit Market, the market which was built from the beginning by the chiefs of the Hima Khyrim.
Durga Puja is celebrated in 32,118 places of worship and 238 in Dhaka alone.
In 1953, the Jews no longer had a Temple in Jerusalem.
Thousands of wealth and worldly pleasures cannot satisfy our soul here on earth.
In fact, many of the elderly and young men did not reach this refugee camp because they were killed in their former home in Rakhine.
She said that she had filed the complaint freely and no one had forced her to do so.
One is that the price is only T.65 per litre, while the price of umphniang is T.95 per liter and if one pump sells T.1 lakh per month it means T.30 lakh and in the country India as a whole has received billions of rupees from the Government of India.
After the Holy Mass, the procession of the Eucharist from the church grounds to the market and back to the church began and ended with the celebration of the Sacrament.
In a statement sent by the President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), Bah DH Sumer and General Secretary Bah Emlang Sutnga, they wish you a Merry Christmas. Christian and New Year with the hope of God's blessings on jobs, income, education, peace and stability to the people of Meghalaya as a whole.
As usual, only virgin women can take part in the dance while there is no restriction for men.
The renewal of the office bearers of FKJGP for the term 2022 – 2025 was attended by Kenesjune Nonglait as President, Secretary Belse Kharbani and other members. of the organization who were released on this day.
However, these works have not been appointed,” said the CAG report. The CAG report said that besides the delay in completing and implementing the DTL, up to five years, it has resulted in a loss of T. foot.
Dayoo Pale, Assistant General Secretary, KSU Thadlaskein Unit, Rimiki Kharsyntiew, Publicity Secretary and others handed over the food items.
In addition, it said that it is taking action against other illegal coal mining factories which have not been able to show where they got orders to operate the factories or explain where they got the coal. to be used.
The word 'Equitable' as mentioned above allows parents to give who, how much between their children, both men and women.
The school reopened that year.
The fear is that it will become a source of trouble in the future as has happened to the government buildings in Nongstoiñ.
Tura: Albinush Marak has been elected as the Chief Executive Member of the National People's Party (NPP) in Garo Hills District Council in place of Rakesh A Sangma.
Jaitley, who has been undergoing treatment at the hospital since 9th July 2019, has not recovered and his condition has worsened. and he suffered many things, until he died.
"Rida said, "I don't know Doctor..." She looked at the tree because Niakha was also there. "Your husband is sitting there..." said the doctor. you were only Born.
The meeting was concluded with a performance of ksing by the children who have been trained in this shlem and also some of the traditional dances.
The owners of Johkhe.com, Marboon Laloo and Bah Dao Toi from Jowai, were shocked when Bah Sniawbhalang spoke to them while he was sitting with his family at the Bijou Cinema. and the people rested in that place.
Meghalaya has managed to win 22 medals by the end of the second day of the 3rd North East Games in Nagaland.
Through this day, KSU Umïam Circle also honored Samla Wellborn Kharbudnah, former leader of KSU Umïam Circle who has contributed a lot and has been involved with the KSU in many activities. you serve the people.
Nikhla has lodged a complaint that the files were lost between 2006 and the 19th of this month. Police are conducting investigation.
On the other hand, Bah Kharkhrang said that the BJP candidates who will contest the election on the 27th of this month are from the state, not from abroad.
It was also seen that in these articles, they said that the prize was in billions and dollars, and they were asked to call the numbers mentioned in their article.
The Ri-War College was opened in 2009 to help develop the Ri-War area to overcome the backwardness.
Here was fulfilled the prophecy of God's prophet Elijah – “In the portion of Jezreel shall dogs eat the flesh of Jezebel” (2 Kings 9:30-37).
If that blood is the blood as you say, we would like you to come and show us that blood.
Bah Collin Wanniang “We have reached a new era”
The bodies of the three were found on Sunday.
Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has approved the announcement of the Government of India to hold a cleanliness drive on Sunday, March 1,
“We are ashamed to see in the media that our State is at the bottom in all aspects.
It was found that the stones were sold to the CEC company which took the contract to build the bridge on the India-Bangladesh border and also shipped to Assam.
Speaking on the occasion, Methodius Dkhar MLA Mawshynrut said that Maieit Hoping had not joined the HSPDP during his lifetime, but a few years before his death he started to join the HSPDP. politics and when he thinks about the character of Hoping, he can't just learn from hearing and telling others.
During the raid, the RPF also arrested two robbers involved in human trafficking.
“As a parent and as a teacher I have a strong connection with young people.
Compliance with the directives of the Election Commission shall be ensured, in accordance with the orders of the office from time to time.
Noting that the Prime Minister's promise has been heard and heard clearly that those involved will not be forgiven, the party expects that this promise of Modi will come true soon.
The suspects were identified as LOS Commander Erra and a member of Podiyam Bhime, who is the Deputy Commander of the same group, Sharma said.
He said that in Madhya Pradesh, the BJP and RSS attacked churches and burnt a pastor's car while they were singing Christmas songs.
“If we continue to talk, they will come out and the most important thing is how to shape the future.
In this incident, the driver of the truck fled the scene.
At the same time, he questioned the construction of the road from Dainadubi, Damra Mendipathar, Resubelpara, saying, “Who has stopped the state government from completing this road funded by the World Bank since to 2017.
Speaking on the occasion, the Principal of the College, Dr. E Lyngdoh welcomed the guest speaker and Dr. Rapmebantei Kharkongor, Assistant Professor, Department of English, as the Convener and Speaker of the workshop. Prof. MS Warjri, IQAC Coordinator gave the welcome speech.
Shillong, June 12: U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie on Tuesday distributed jerseys, balls and donations to various sports clubs in Mawlai for their participation in sports tournaments. different football.
Earlier, the announcement of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) was read out by Samla Wanladkyrpang Lyngdoh Langrin followed by a short speech by Bah Leventon K. Lyngdoh and an explanation of the letter from the KHADC. High Court by Bah Baldwis Syiemiong and welcome speech by Bah Andraias Lyngdoh.
You see, there is already a habit of thinking what is my personal benefit or what help I will get if I support that person as a leader.
Macron's police arrested the man and took the president away, the report said.
“Until now, we don't need to register the land but according to the rules of this new Act, the Central Government will kill the Instrument of Accession which was signed in BJP will implement this Act will harm us and not only that, even the Autonomous District Councils which look after the land and customs will be affected by this new Act. the Central Government.
Details of the incident have not been received and perhaps more information will come later.
Regarding the allegation that the VPP is politicizing the appointment for the upcoming MDC elections, “it is just a childish idea.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA of Nongpoh, expressed his gratitude to the CMD for providing electricity to all the villages in the state. make sure they should have access to electricity.
Shillong: Two husband and wife, Reliable Laloo, 70, and her husband, Diameren Basaiawmoit, 60, were killed in a fire in Qualapatty.
He added that the Union would like to congratulate the Ri Bhoi Police Department for taking more responsibility in the fight against drugs and other crimes. The synjuk also appeals to the public to cooperate with the police and district authorities so that by cooperation we can eradicate all kinds of crimes that affect and destroy the society. added further.
There are currently 714 policemen in Maharashtra who have tested positive for Covid-19 and 61 of them have recovered.
Nongpoh, Naitung 03: Two months after the formation of the new EC of the District Council, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem and members of the Executive Committee today visited Ummat village in the Block area. II which is a village in the border area, to visit the Mawbah of the 12 kurs, which is a place of worship and burial of the stones of the people who have died from this earth. for these 12 kurs of the Raid Nongtung with the desire to preserve and maintain this place which has been established since ancient times.
In India, a 76-year-old man has died of Coronavirus in Kalaburagi, Karnataka.
And they cut the two into pieces, and left them in pieces; and these sets are buried underground to a depth of about an inch or two and then irrigate the field.
“It is unfortunate that 219 people lost their lives in the conflict.
Pathak, who graduated from IPS in 1979, is now the Director General of the Border Security Force (BSF) while Kumar, who graduated from 1980, is the Chairman-cum-Managing Director of the Assam Police Housing Corporation Ltd.
Whether it is sickness, poverty, suffering and others.
The decision was taken after discussions with the tourism committee that the opening will be the beginning of the monitoring of the spread of the disease.
The longer it takes, the harder it is to get hold of or freeze your money.
Taking part in the discussion, Dr Don said that as the matter is still in the hands of the Meghalaya High Court, it should not be brought before the Legislative Assembly and should wait for a decision. to leave the Courthouse.
“Many youths are surprised that Pynursla is famous among the places where drug traffickers and users are rampant.
He also alleged that he was involved in the transportation and provision of the needs of foreigners and Garo to take part in the MLA elections. , this reporter has spoken to the leaders of Shella area, where it is understood that in Shella, Bah Brostarwell Ora has been recognized as the Secretary, and it was also said that he has taken over the This has been going on for about six months now.
The Swatch Bharat Mission has been established recently but compared to the cleanliness of the Khasi villages, it has not existed since ancient times.
Speaking to media on the afternoon of 19th July 2024, u Bah Ronnie said that if there is any issue that affects the state, the party will always support.
In fact, I don't get lost because when I go anywhere I look carefully at the road and when the police find me, they warn me not to go out like that especially in the city. .
According to class X textbook, it was found that one person can become two– Dr Jekyll is the one who brings good and Mr Hide is the one who does evil and social media is no different , because they can bring both bad and good.
On the 19th, the gang of six persons stole six cows belonging to Yom Dkhar and Shympa Dkhar.
“In the last five years I have brought many development projects in terms of roads and as a backward constituency I have worked hard and many of them I have been able to complete but there are only a few. “If I win again, I will complete them all,” said Bah Brol.
When asked about the delay in opening the Maternity and Child Hospital (MCH) at Panaliar Jowai, the MLA said that due to the outbreak of Covid-1 It is hoped that within this year he together with the Prime Minister will come to open the Maternity and Child Hospital (MCH).
The organization was formed in the Eastern Range of Khasi and Jaintia Hills by youths with the aim of fighting against the government, to commit acts of violence, to purchase weapons, to demand money and to recruit members. and commit kidnapping and other acts of violence within the state.
The White House released the photo, which shows Trump at his workplace at the hospital, taken on Saturday, the second day he was treated at the hospital. you're in the hospital.
However, what is important now is to direct the Committee to submit its report and recommendations within six months and no later.
The KNGCSU said, “We condemn the male policemen who beat up our female students which was so bad that many of them were injured.
Michael N Syiem and students of Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) were invited to attend the ceremony.
The election meeting for the new Waheh Shnong and office bearers was held on 20th November.
On Monday, Bah Basaiawmoit said that it has been decided that no vehicles will be allowed to park at the jhur market and all jhur or agricultural products weighing less than 50 kilos will no longer be allowed to be sold. tribute to the King of Mylliem.
She used to think about me and so, she took my number from her father's mobile and so she texted me and said “Hi, I'm Sonam and I'm very fond of you and I want to meet you".
Protests against the construction of the railway line have intensified in Jaintia Hills where pressure groups have emerged one after another to send letters to Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma.
It is learned that when the incident came to light, the government authorities removed him from his post.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Commissioner of Transport, Bah Israel W Ingty, on Tuesday said that the state government will make every effort to complete the bus terminal at Mawiong, Shillong on time. but in the year
The team has been placed in Group-C (Mawkyrwat Zone) where they will play against the champions of Shillong Lajong, Pyndengrei SCSC, Mawten SC and Riangdo YSCA. The team has won once, drawn once and lost twice to finish fifth out of seven teams in the group.
“Issues of peace can be discussed in the House, it is necessary to discuss them in other forums, not only in the House,” he said while opening a meeting with MLAs from Garo Hills today. at the Main Secretariat.
In East Khasi Hills, 245 cases, 11 cases in East Garo Hills, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 8 cases in Ri Bhoi, 15 cases in West Garo Hills, 9 cases in West Jaintia Hills and
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Meghalaya People's Forum (MPF) has lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya against the involvement of politicians and insurgents in Garo Hills. admit that the involvement of terrorists and politicians cannot be ruled out.
In another police source, Gurpeet Singh lodged a complaint against Ganesh Rai, Shaknar Rai, Pankaj Kumar, Santosh Kumar, Ranju Devi, Lalvati and Dellep Kumar and others. they came to his residence at Addl.Secretariat and shouted unpleasant words at him, and also stripped him of his sponge and touched him and his father which caused that is not injured.
"In the belief in 'One World, One Family, One Future', which stems from India's ancient writings and the vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the world, the challenges of they are all to be solved by collective action – where the good of humanity prevails over divisions and doubts.
He said many projects in the North East are delayed due to the delay in issuing Utilization Certificates, delay in issuing DPRs and the shares of the states.
Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister of PHE, Meghalaya and MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency was the chief guest in the presence of C. Kharkongngor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South. West Khasi Hills District, Commander Shang-pliang, President Hills Farmers Union Central Body, W.Biam, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, I.Lawrynñiang, MCS, Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block with others.
Asst Secretary: Mrs. Chyrmang 5.
Wildlife Officer, Bah Shanbormiki Law, said, “Bah Bo Bah Kong is a famous mountain since ancient times.
The union said that SBI Patharkhmah is an employer where most of the employees are foreigners and few Khasi employees. Western Ri-Bhoi due to lack of language understanding.
Three times the statues of Conrad Sangma were taken back behind the residence of Conrad Sangma on the road to Polo Market and the statues of Conrad, Lahkmen and Himamta were burnt down.
Shillong, Nailur 2: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) on Tuesday said that it is foolish for the government to say that the Foreign Act will be implemented, as these laws will have no basis unless the two treaties signed by the The Indian government has signed the Indo-Nepal Treaty of 1950 and the Indira Mujib Treaty of 1972 which the Congress party has signed with Nepal as well as with Hindu refugees from East Pakistan.
“The condition of the bridge is still good according to the test results of the IIT Guwahati experts and all that is needed is to replace the bearings,” he said.
We have seen from time to time that the Rangkynsai and theinylla have come forward in search of knowledge and spread around the countries to bring honor and happiness to the family, longkur longjaid, longshnong longthaw, longit long hima and the country. especially the youth of the country who have struggled to reach higher levels.
In the second part of the meeting, the school also honored Bah B Khonglah, former Rangbah Shnong of Nongmensong who has been the President of the School Managing Committee of the school since from 1998 to
He said that he will have to work harder to improve his skills and to reap the fruits of his desire to become a prominent coach. football tournament in the state.
The school was founded by the first Head Master, Bah RS Reiken Lyngdoh, also known as Bah Stad.
Speaking to reporters, President DHPde said that the JF&EPA has been established since 1993 and until now it continues to provide services for the preservation of dohwah across the country. The organization has a responsibility to protect the Wah Myntdu which is the source of drinking water for the entire city of Jowai.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 173 people have tested positive for Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills, 124 in West Garo Hills and 26 in West Garo Hills. cases from Bhoi, 4 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 1 case from North Garo Hills, 5 cases from East Garo Hills and 4 cases from South Garo Hills.
However, in December 2018, after the company left the toll plaza and was replaced by another one, we as employees tried to go to the toll plaza, but instead of The Rangbah Shnong of Pahammawlein 20Mer came out and welcomed us, saying that these 25 persons have been employed without the knowledge of the village and can no longer work inside the Toll Plaza. and to receive the same salary as before.
He felt that such superstition should be changed in society.
Police did not want to disclose the incident to the media as they were still searching for others.
BSNL has increased its number of new subscribers by 2.28 lakh to 11.59 crore BSNL SIM card holders. , increased by 0.04 per cent from 116.18 crore in April and 116.23 crore in June.
(Mark 12:44-45) Third, inside the Temple, Jesus overturns the tables of the money changers and drives out those selling.
Peter said that those from Ri-Bhoi have fled to Shillong, some have been taken to NEIGRHIMS but most of them have now gone for treatment at a private clinic in Shillong. the village of Mawryngkneng.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, who is from Jaintia Hills, did not know anything about the situation in Jowai.
He said the sub-committee of the party will meet to read the report of the 7th Pay Revision and send it to the government.
Himanta Biswa Sarma said the patient was in contact with those who came from the Muslim Nizamuddin Markaz.
Not only that, a Reuters reporter visited the site for two days on Tuesday and Friday and spoke to people in the area but they said there was no any place, damaged or dead people.
They said that the woman does not respect even the magistrates and government officers when they call to the office of both the cases, to reconcile or resolve for the good of the community and the society.
We must not desire anything evil lest we fall into desire and unrepentance.
On the other hand, Bah Gabriel Wahlang MLA from Nongstoin Constituency, was the chief guest to distribute the prizes to the two finalists.
Under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment has continued its work in the past nine years for dignity, progress and schemes that bring good. the lives of people in society who are neglected and the institution has received.
The amount released this week is the 7th such payment made to the States.
The Rotary Club Jowai has also announced that it will plant about 200 trees in collaboration with the school children and the Dorbar Chnong Khliehtyrshi.
Conrad K Sangma said that the MDA Government has collected all the documents prepared by the Governments which have been in power in the state in the past. Conrad said that it will be difficult to acquire land only through the existing documents because Assam is also a state. He said that it is difficult because you don't know who is right and who is wrong.
Before taking the body of Walinda inside the house, the leaders of Marngar area conducted a ritual because they said it was a death by injury.
Marak is among the 45 awardees selected to be honored by the President of the country, Droupadi Murmu at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi.
A man who has done the work of God holds politics in one hand and the Bible in the other.
“I cannot say that in the first time I contested the MP election in 2009, I won from Mawhati and Pynursla Constituencies from the UDP party despite the turmoil between the formation of the MP election. President rule in the absence of the government, the absence of District Council MLAs, but even in this time of crisis, I have won from these two constituencies,” he said.
He also mentioned many issues which the Shella constituency is still lagging behind but he said that as an MDC candidate he does not want to mention these issues because the District Council is not the one that can bring about development. that par.
I should really thank him because now I realize I have to work harder.
If you want to serve, you must serve with humility,” said Bah Kharsyntiew.
We cannot delay to waste time,” said the HSPDP spokesperson who is also the party's Vice President.
When the chariots of commerce stop, how do they stop?
Dutta said that according to the central government's plan, within two years all parts of the country should have adequate networks.
Italian authorities said they were still struggling to identify the names of all the dead so that they could be handed over to their relatives.
“Save yourselves from this corrupt generation” Acts 2:4
He said that he has spoken to the shopkeepers and residents of Jaïaw where they have expressed their appreciation for the presence of security forces so that the robbers will not be able to create any trouble inside the shop. the village is created.
“If the BJP government in Assam accepts what I have proposed especially on Langpih, I have no problem joining the party,” she said.
The reason is because our memory is short and our focus is not on the issues of society and the nation.
Pyniaid brought up the issue in the KHADC dorbar today to discuss how the authority has been given to build the place of worship which is currently under construction at Them Motor.
The Ministry of Education, after examining the situation in the state, has decided to send a recommendation to the High Powered Community (HCP) to reopen schools and colleges. The High Powered Committee (HPC) is headed by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
It is also worth mentioning that the Sohkwai area is one of the areas in Ri Bhoi, which is strong in the production of Sohniamtra and other agricultural products. villagers are farmers.
The program was enriched by songs and performances by the youth.
If the people don't count or take sting, the tyrud and smer will not be released.
In this regard, as part of the information of the public and those who wish to apply for these posts, the recruitment process is conducted by the Central Recruitment Board in a transparent manner.
The Chief Secretary, Tawnluia, has been defeated by the ZPM candidate W Chhuanawma from Tuichang constituency.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has been able to help a school in Ummat-2 village, which has pleased the people of Ummat-2 village, a border village under Raid. Nongtung and which is still between the dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
Speaking to Rupang, Rowell, who is also the incumbent MLA of Mawkyrwat, said that he is ready to contest in
“The residents have complained about this unfair behavior of the district authorities even though this area affects the environment and the health of humans and wildlife.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate from North Shillong, Dr Aman War, has promised to clean up the constituency as 'Mawlynnai' if elected as the Leader of the State Legislative Assembly.
Taxpayers are not the only ones who have vehicles to go to school.
The incident happened at about 11 pm, when the woman went to clean the kitchen in the kitchen, but suddenly she heard a loud noise from the kitchen. The earthquake has destroyed the shetja shariat room along with this woman.
“It's difficult to explain because of the difference in age,” said Rangsan.
In West Khasi Hills District and Nongstoin, the District Head Quarter, it is a sad and painful thing to see the queue and childbirth by the patients at the Civil Hospital Nongstoin, which used to happen every year. period.
He also explained that regarding the important projects for the country within 100 km from the border of the country which do not require permission from the Forest Department but other permissions that need to be obtained need to be obtained directly from District Councils or other departments.
You will know soon," he said.
At present, the toll gates at Ialong (Pasyih) and Lumshnong are only 53 km apart, said Ma Kynjaimon Amse.
Bah Marten said that the water pump from the Khyrdop Khrong Khajna, affects in many ways, that is, during the rainy season, it affects the breathing of the people and the The rainy season is dangerous for drivers, as vehicles can overturn at any time.
The purpose of this seminar is to explore more opportunities and to understand the needs of the states in the North East to get clean electricity.
“They promised to provide 24 hours electricity, they promised to provide financial support to farmers, they promised to help unemployed youth, they promised to set up a police station only for women and many other promises. “We on the part of the HYC will not protest anymore to demand other two but that the promises made by these parties should be fulfilled,” he said. The NPP is not surprising but as a party we want to know what they will do to implement the manifestos which they have prepared differently from one party to another.
The children said that they have their own house even though it is old,” said Bruton.
The discussion on the NEP 2020 was held at the Asian Conference Hall, Laitumkhrah, Shillong as part of the 100-year target to move towards basic education and literacy.
The High Court has ordered the state government to look after the welfare of the child until she reaches the age of
This happens to all ethnic groups and not only to us Khasi.
Police of West Jaintia Hills District have seized dynamite and arrested four persons in Raliang village on Tuesday night.
When they arrived at Mawlasnai, the Assam Police did not allow the UHM members to enter Sabuda village.
The robber also confessed that he committed the crime alone by using sharp weapons to rob the lives of the two men.
On the other hand, Prestone said the NPP in the North East is against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB)
Meghalaya scored 424/3 after 90 overs.
“If my father is a farmer, they are ashamed to say that my father is a farmer,” said Wanbantei.
“The claim by some media that the arrest was due to pressure by the police to join Assam is wrong,” said Bah Bajop.
It was observed that these days the market vendors are no longer willing to spread their goods in the market and it was also observed that the footpaths and roadsides have become crowded.
Maxwell B Syiem said teams of F&ES, SDRF and Home Guard are conducting search operations for the bodies of Ferdinand Marthong, 45, and Lapynshai L Mawlot, age.
One day he came to a deserted and wild place far from the villages.
We said in earlier chapters that it took a long time for rocks to turn into soil.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that the government and the BSF will take the initiative to ensure this. When asked whether the troops will be handed over to the state police, Bah Paul said. “Once arrested, the investigation by the BSF has started and other measures will be taken according to the law,” he said.
Speaking to media, Bah Vincent said, “Whether it is from MDA-1 or MDA-2, they have promised to employ up to 5 lakh people but I believe that even 1 lakh people have not yet been employed. get.
This new government should not act strongly because it is no longer happy.
For more information, please call the SP, East Jaintia Hills at 9485178835 or send an email: sp.
Himanta's remarks have sparked criticism from the public and politicians as well.
Shillong, November 13: The counting of votes for the mid-term MDC elections in East Khasi Hills, Nongkrem, Laban Mawprem and Nongspung-Sohiong constituencies has gone smoothly. without any interference.
Shillong: The Minister of PHE, Bah Samlin Malngiang, today said that the department needs about T.105 crore for the completion of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme-III which has been pending for many years. now for many reasons.
Other proposals for cooperation for the tournament include those from the United States and Mexico.
HS Shylla said that the decision has been taken to suspend the case as the investigation into the Syiem of Sohra Hima is ongoing.
Shillong, July 4: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MYC) under the leadership of Richard M. Marak President has launched a Chaurahe Pe Charcha to expose the old currency of the Central Government. Now today.
The union also said that the decision of the NGT is a blow to the traders and owners of coal mines, who have taken loans from various banks to buy trucks, JCBs and other equipment. coal.
The other seven areas which are still in the process of settling the border dispute in the second phase include Langpih, Borduar, Nongwah-Mawtamur, Desh Doomreah, Block 1 & Block II and Psiar-Khanduli.
Extreme guitarist Nuno Bettencourt sustained injuries to his leg during the MONSTERS OF ROCK Cruise and was placed in a wheelchair for treatment.
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang has expressed its regret over the lack of proper functioning of the Jio Network in the Village.
The match is scheduled to start at 2 pm at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium, and the match will be between MLP FT and Sanmer SC in the semi final.
On the other hand, the hospital authorities said that they had kept the child in a quarantine facility for five hours before pronouncing him dead.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, MTDC boat driver, Bah Leaderkus Nongsiej said that the number of people has increased significantly in these days since the old road was flooded during these months. past.
The Shad Nongkrem Festival is held only in East Khasi Hills every year.
After the seizure of these trucks, the police took them to Nongpoh Police Station and the police registered a case against them on the grounds that they were illegally carrying coal.
The University now has many centers such as Design Innovation Centre, Office of International Affairs, Research and Development Cell, Dr. Ambedkar Center of Excellence, Bio Incubator Centre, Livelihood Incubation Center and also the proposal to set up a Skill Development Centre.
Two AKs, a 9mm pistol and bombs were seized from Mawlieh village, near Langkyrdem, above Pynursla village. .
Honesty Phawa (5) and Evening Tariang (51) scored the second goal.
The Commission also urged the authorities of Manipur to ensure that all people who have become refugees in the ethnic conflict should receive adequate assistance and protection.
In January this year, two weaker bombs exploded within 30 hours near the Golden Temple.
The election of Nongthawaiñ and Nongsynshar is regarded as the power of the people and at the same time it is the time when the people hand over and entrust the power to those Nongthawaiñ and Nongsynshar.
Regarding the lack of roads in the area, one of the elders of Mawmang village, Bah Syiem Khongsit, said that in the past months, the residents of seven villages have met with the MP of Mawmang village. Rajya Sabha Rakesh Sinha to seek assistance regarding the construction of roads to these seven villages.
At the same time, it was seen that another stone had fallen into another vehicle in front of it and it too was damaged.
“We have been expelled from the Dorbar Shnong because we oppose the decision of the Chief Executive Members,” said Bah Benedict.
When we look at the villages across the Khasi Jaintia Hills, the road from Amtapoh to Dawki has turned into one way due to the large number of trucks carrying mawshun. terter until this road is too crowded to provide full service to the people because according to witnesses and also I have experienced because when I came to Amlarem through the passenger car I was riding I almost lost myself. The women who were inside the car were terrified because on that day all those who were inside the car did not see the death just because of the overcrowding of the road but fortunately God did not leave.
After a long and interesting discussion which lasted for more than three hours, the winners were judged and the winner was Da-e-mitre Pariat from BK Bajoria School, V.Drishti Rao of St. Edmund's Higher Secondary School and Naveda Noor Kharnongrum of Pine Mount School won the second prize.
The incident occurred at 3 pm when three students of Don Bosco University were driving a motorcycle number AS-01-EJ- 7870 with the intention of going to Guwahati, when they reached Jorabat Bridge, they collided with a truck number NL-01-AE-1
Shillong: A milk truck and a Scooty have collapsed near Robert Hospital on Jaiaw Langsning Road.
U Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, Member of Parliament from Umsning Constituency, on Tuesday said that one of the mistakes made by the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA)-I government is the The victory was the ability to create a new nation out of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo and it was called the “High-Level” nation.
*Strong relationships in your home.
This was announced in a statement by Bah Ophy Suting, Publicity Secretary.
In the letter, Shylla said that India has no intention of continuing to mine uranium in Meghalaya, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand because of the opposition of the Indian government. persons residing in the State.
The 25th Anniversary of the Silver Jubilee Celebration will be held in 2019. The celebration will be held every 10 years with many programs. The Opening Ceremony of the Silver Jubilee Celebration of the Sohra Presbytery Shillong (KJKSPS) will be held at KJKSPS. MP Mawkon, Secretary KJKSPS Marwein, said in a statement, “In my opinion, the Khasi Hills should change the system of giving jait to u shynrang, because in my opinion, if we give jait to a shynrang, our country and nation will be better and stronger in many areas such as marriage, trade and others. others.
Of these, 12 projects are 20% complete, 29 projects are 21 to 50% complete, 61 projects are 51 to 98%.
The SP said that the leader of the kidnapping is Tapan Mallakar from Dalugao, Kailashaher, Tripura who is currently living in Lumkhyriem, Ishyrwat, Nongmynsong.
“We have come here now to offer the people another way to replace as a national party and we don't need to explain to anyone and we are happy that the people support and give love and we hope that on the 27th In June, the people shall choose with understanding.
He said he would give me a scheme when he won.
“These Dkhars don't elect national parties and they elect national parties and this is wrong because they will decide the future of our nation.
This is one of the main reasons why thousands of our fellow citizens in the border areas have been suffering for more than 50 years.
The road will start from Ranikudam (Assam) and will pass through Jirang to Nongkhlaw to Sohiong and south to Sohrarim, Sohra and so on until it ends at Chetak in Sylhet.
Even schools in Iawmusiang have been closed except for banks and government offices. There are also schools in Jowai which have had to suspend their classes and send back their students.
In Meghalaya, the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah Warjri launched the program for the youth.
People from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills have come to support the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit.
Applications for this post can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 2 : The Government of Meghalaya has expressed its sympathy to all the casual employees who have worked for many years in MeECL, who have been working for less than 10 years. “The department is still facing financial difficulties,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Power Department in the state, Prestone Tynsong.
He said the BJP will contest this election with the aim of focusing on economic development and especially on issues affecting the youth of the state and issues affecting the society.
After further investigation, these people said that they went to collect the money sent by other people whom they were friends with on Facebook.
Ghajini director AR Murugadoss has said that he intends to make and produce the second part of the film and that the film will be directed by Aamir Khan.
State boxer Shanborlang Marbaniang will prepare to compete in another United Professional Boxing tournament to be held in Delhi on Tuesday on the occasion of the 77th Independence Day of India.
“The Municipal Board elections could not be held after Meghalaya got its own state in 1972 due to many reasons such as the opposition of the residents of urban areas like Williamnagar. MB, the protest of various civil society, students and unions (Tura MB), High Court order on the incident lodged by the Jowai Civil Awareness Committee in 2000 (Jowai MB) and others ," the report said.
The family members have tried to search all over the place for the youth, but have not been able to find him.
The program started at 7 pm with a lighting ceremony and was welcomed by Prof. DK Choubey, Chairman of the University Level Yoga Committee.
The Hynniewtrep people have not forgotten that it was the Bengalis and Non Tribals who have destroyed the Hynniewtrep people since 1947 onwards. They have filed a case against the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act in the Supreme Court. They have opposed the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act. The ILP and other laws in Meghalaya have been implemented.
Shillong, Nailur 25: After the demolition of the Motphran Bridge, the District Administration and the PWD Department have issued an order to demolish two shops near the Motphran Bridge. right and left of the main road, including tea shops and pork shops.
When asked whether the number of kyiad holiday announced by the government has affected the market, they said that in the past, when the market was running well, it affected well, but now it is nice to have a holiday. “Now the wine stores have turned into waidong shops, shoot samthiah man, before we didn't use our hands even to drink, people have stood up. I don't have a line, I looked in the shops, there was no one, in the shops, there were no people standing in line, now jar jar'
On the other hand, he said the government will strengthen the work of the police department by introducing modern equipment which is in line with the times.
At present, it has been fully established through this office, which means that the government departments have been established.
Speaking to reporters, Dr. War asked whether the TMC has been there during the Covid-19 pandemic, where is the TMC, has it come to help? time but on his part, he said he did not hear anything that she came out to help.
Nongstoiñ: Heavy rain and cold weather have hit many villages in West Khasi Hills District at 11 am today. including vegetation.
“The Frenchman came on in the second half of United's 3-2 win over Nottingham Forest at Old Trafford on Sunday and suffered an injury that will keep him out of the game for several days. so many weeks.
He also distributed tracts to the villagers and talked to them.
He said that intellectuals often come from the rural areas because many children need perseverance, determination, perseverance, efforts to achieve the goals that parents want for their children. .
This cannot happen,” said Bah Rapsang.
Yadav was welcomed and honored by laying flowers and announced as the Rangbah Shnong of the village. No one has been banned from registering for the upcoming elections. he shall prevail, and none shall fight against him.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 30: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Mawkyrwat Circle today held an emergency meeting at the party headquarters in Mawkyrwat. to revise the Reservation Policy in the State of Meghalaya.
They said that the shop is located in the Syiem's ​​Thanad which the Hima can use in many ways to store tar, make water tanks to wash the hands and feet of the market workers, and They also said that if it is possible, it is necessary to increase the number of policemen because as the years go by, the Hima will need more policemen.
Apart from the benches and chairs where the pastors and elders used to sit, there was another bench, which no one sat on.
Referring to West Khasi Hills District, Dr War said that up to 17 people have been confirmed positive for Covid-19 in Shalang.
Joannes JTL Lamare, Chairman of the Meghalaya Youth Foundation; Satrupa Bhattacharjee, Founder of Jharna Foundation; Dr. Armita and her team from NEIGRIHMS; Braski Lyngdoh and her team from the International Mission; Esterwing Warjri, Secretary, Seva Bharati (Meghalaya), members of Liewlong Sports, Social and Cultural Association, school children and the public attended the function.
Shillong: U Bindo M Lanong, Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and MDC of the Khasi District Council, on Tuesday expressed his full support to the demand of the Mawlai Town Dorbar. women to elect the Rangbah Shnong.
He/she has passed the sample questions of the MBOSE that more questions should be set from the text book of the students and only a few questions should be changed only to recognize the talented students.
Three more people have died today, bringing the total number of deaths to
In this regard, the BJYM demands that the Prime Minister should immediately punish and dismiss Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh who was the Minister at that time and also to arrest and punish all the Ministers, MLAs, MDCs and government officials involved in the incident. this work.
She said that NEPA has received new training according to the present era.
East Khasi Hills District has won the third position by beating West Garo Hills 3-1
However, the officer said that she has already sent the proposal for the synthetic tracks at Nongpathar Pyndengrei.
Besides the chief guest, other speakers included Macmillan Byrsat MLA Nongstoin Constituency, LG Nongsiej MDC Nongstoin Constituency, Paiem EP Syiem Syiem Nongstoin Hima and others who attended the meeting. They included Bah Morning Mawsor MDC Mawshynrut Constituency, elders of the area, women, youth and others.
Shillong, Lber 22: The BJP has appointed former Minister AL Hek as the Chairman of the Central Scheme Monitoring Cell (CSMC).
Mukhla Evergreen won the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 2-0 in the opening match of the 1st Division of the WJDSA. against Demthring of Pool A at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
This step was taken in line with the Government's target for 'Jan Bhagidari'
“If the tree trunks planted all year round are alive and growing, the fire should have blossomed,” said one of the officers.
This statement by Ma Nehlang Lyngdoh has shocked the entire Khliehriat Constituency as it is certain that the contest for the upcoming MLA elections will be very hot in Khliehriat Constituency.
During the search, Police recovered motorcycles including Motor Bikes and Scooties without Registration Certificate, without paying insurance, without HSRP Number Plates, and You can install a modified silencer.
Lalit of All India Police was the first to defeat the Services wrestler 4-3 in the 51-54kg category against Pawan.
Speaking as the chief guest, MCS Steveford Marweiñ, MCS, Extra Assistant Commissioner (EAC), South West Khasi Hills District, in his speech, expressed his gratitude to the children and young men and women who came to participate in the event. The 'Run for Unity' is also part of the commemoration of the struggle of a great man of India, Sardar Vallabhai Patel. the unity of the villages, the society as well as the country and the nation as a whole.
Furthermore, the JSM-CB and HANM-JHU urged Rahul Gandhi, General Secretary of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) to stand up for the scheme. North East India during the curfew in Delhi to provide protection to students from North East India in Delhi so that the rest of the students from this region can get back to Delhi. Peace and stability in Delhi.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) on Friday announced the names of the candidates for the upcoming elections in Meghalaya. The party has announced 58 constituencies out of 60 constituencies in the state, while the second constituency is the Mairang constituency where the party will not contest at all. The incumbent President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has not yet received a candidate from the South Shillong constituency.
“We will take a more difficult step by increasing the fee for trading license besides the restrictions on the issuance of license and we will also try the Digital Form for those who apply for license,” he said. On the other hand, he said he has found that the price of the license fee has not changed since 2005 and he said that he has already convened a meeting, in the presence of Bah Teibor Pathaw, He, who is also the EM, in charge of Enforcement, said that the Council is facing difficulties in obtaining trading license due to the lack of staff.
The Dorbar Shnong Chilliangraij in collaboration with the National Health Mission (NHS) to mark the 75th Anniversary of Independence of the country, has organized an Awareness Cum Voluntary Blood Donation Camp at Jowai Civil Hospital Blood Bank, Jowai. Ten youths including two women donated blood to the Blood Bank Jowai on Saturday.
We have learned the exact date of death of this great man of the Khasi country and our nation through the research of one of the most famous Khasi teachers among us Khasi, Professor David R.Syiemlieh. .
By Bah Philip Marwein It is easy for the UDP to win from Shella Constituency and to get the post of Speaker and it is easy for the UDP to demand from the MDA for both the posts.
The growth and benefits go mostly to the people of West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills who number about 5 lakh people from 500 different villages.
Skyfall was also scheduled to be shot in Mumbai but due to the overcrowding, it had to be canceled and looked at more remote locations.
Gilbil Syngkli from Umjarasi Village in Ri Bhoi District has a wife and three children whom he has educated. you are not your day.
Explaining what happened, Prestone said that there was only a mutual exchange of words and the religious leaders were not involved at all.
In a petition sent to the Chief Minister, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, he expressed the biggest problem faced by the tympew farmers in relation to the market, the lack of cleanliness for the farmers. They have to put on the ground the tympew they have already harvested, which is also one of the crops that the farmers earn and meet their household needs.
Umkseh, Jyntru and Umrit have scored four points each but only Umrit has any hope of qualifying for the semi finals.
Reports that the actress has withdrawn the FIR are false.
Kong Mer, who was sitting there, when she saw that her children and mother didn't know the time, she cried out, “O Kong, don't you know...? I'll close it.
Students who wish to apply for admission to Central Universities must first take this examination.
Our nation has produced many brave, strong, skilled, strong people like Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah, Monbhut and others in those ancient times when we as a nation were still growing up. knowledge, literacy, economic growth and prosperity.
I have already allocated more than Rs 100 crore for the construction of new school buildings and about Rs 150 crore for the improvement of school buildings in government Lower Primary Schools by providing 2-3 lakh each," he said.
If the government really has a goal and if it wants the youth to improve in the field of sports and if the youth do not end up halfway, it must accomplish what it has already achieved.
Informing this after the Cabinet meeting, Defense Minister James K Sangma said the Cabinet has accepted this and will now appoint only the Director. alone.
Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Limited, a government company, will construct the dorbar hall,” he said.
Shillong, June 15: Three Khasi youths from Sabuda village, Ribhoi District have been arrested by the Assam Police on charges of attempting to set fire to a bridge in Wah Umler. There is no basis for faith.
This is clear that the father's lineage is better than the mother's lineage.
The incident occurred when Indian troops blocked the road of Chinese troops who were patrolling in the area.
Teams interested in participating can collect their Entry Form from the office of K.Passah District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, before 13th October, por not long office.
Evermore Rymbai has been elected as the new president of KNGCSU. The resolution was announced by the Returning Officer Dr. EM Blah who is also the principal of the college and swore in the new office bearers.
Police have received a tip and arrested several of these youths and it is understood that they were taking part in the Astra Puja organized by the Bajrang Dal.
She expressed the hope that this exhibition will provide training to the people especially to the farmers to make it one of the agricultural products to earn money in their work.
The GST results will advise those involved in this process to renew and strengthen, in a country-specific manner, measures and support, along with promoting international cooperation to prevent the change of the sky.
Alphons also informed the Prime Minister that the Government of India has selected 12 places to promote tourism in the North East and Sohra is one of them. The present purpose is to provide access to the famous caves.
The driver of Krishna Kamal's vehicle is still on the run and police have launched a search operation to arrest him. .
On the other hand, KHNAM has alleged that the Public Health Engineering (PHE) Department of the state has distributed water to the residents of Shillong and surrounding villages through the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme. (GSWSS).
He said that we will not improve if we continue to maintain the same education system in the state.
Some of them don't want to work past 6 pm.
Khliehriat Circle under the leadership of the General Secretary, Bah Mebanteilang Sukhwañ, on Tuesday expressed its concern over the condition of the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District. He said that the union will follow up on the promise of the National Highway Authority of India which has promised to repair the road.
She also questioned whether the increase in the death toll from Covid-19 is due to the lack of medicines to treat them.
After a short incident, a policeman was seen sitting next to the driver of the auto, who was taking Kejriwal from a hotel, while two police vehicles were following behind. Kejriwal went to the rickshaw driver's house and sat down with him on the ground for dinner at Vikram Dantani's house.
There are thousands of families who have benefited from this scheme.
Shillong, Nailar 10: Samla Nizagiri Syiemlieh, 19, who is studying Bachelor of Science (BSc) for the fifth semester at St. Mary's College, Shillong, has gone missing since the 6th of this month.
Therefore, the Government of Meghalaya has taken great care to import goods from other states to its own state for example coal, food items and others.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 23: Since the opening of schools, parents of children have started to struggle to go to schools to enroll their children in different classes. They also go to the market to buy textbooks for their children.
Editors have to take responsibility if their reporters file such reports.
Nine policemen of East Jaintia Hills were injured in a clash with people who protested against a public hearing held at the Meghalaya Cements Limited factory in Thangskai on Friday.
Bah Mawrie said that many of the projects that have been launched have not been completed yet and the foundation stones have been laid without any thought and without any allocation of funds.
Bikram Pradhan bowled 4 overs, was tied for 15 runs and took 3 wickets, while Pankaj Chanda bowled 4 overs, was tied for 23 runs and took 2 wickets.
Pynshngainlang Marngar of Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School won the Best Athlete category in the boys under 14 category.
Six persons including the driver of Ri-Bhoi District on Sunday were killed in a road accident after their vehicle collided with a vehicle. A truck bearing the number plate WB-41-G-7628 arrived at Sumer at about 2:30 pm.
The weight and size of the fish was equal to the man who carried it.
Frances Tiafoe (USA) 2305 (+1)15.
So this year before we celebrate the Republic Day, I think that as citizens of the country we should be thinking and seeking information so that we can know and understand about it.
Before the planting ceremony, a short meeting was held by Hercules Toi, Chairman SMC. Raymond Nartiang Pator and welcome speech by GH Bareh Secretary SMC. Dozens of students and teachers participated in the tree planting.
For offline registration, participants can collect the forms from the office of the KJP Western Synod at Mission Compound, Shillong.
Marbiang Khongwir said that the purpose of the RDT kits is to know about the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and not to detect those who have just started or who have just been infected. There is no corona virus.
Shillong: Three drug traffickers have been arrested from Student Square, Jaiaw.
The meeting was conducted by Pastor CL Laloo and the flag was hoisted by the Moderator Rev BB Lamin in the presence of Pastor E Nongpluh, Pro Pastor S Paswet, elders of the Jowai Presbyterian Church, students and students. teacher.
The race will start from Iewsier Road, Mawtnum, Ri-Bhoi District and end near the gate of Nepali Secondary School, Nongpoh, Ri-Bhoi District.
Those who took part in the quiz, art and essay writing competition were Bah MB Tongper, ADC Ri Bhoi and District Planning Officer, Dr. Weena Yancey Mrenda Momin, Extra Assistant Commissioner, Bah.
The government's decision came after the residents complained about the new price of T.10 tyngka.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong Dr. Marco, while speaking on the occasion, said that they have sold the old village at the price of 27 lakh and built a village at Umshing Sohlang on the land donated by the kur. Lost.
Shillong, March 28 : U Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Urban Affairs and MLA of Nartiang Constituency, has expressed his hope that the NPP will win more than 30 seats in the government in the state.
However, it has been seen through videos circulated on social media that the people of Assam, when they learned of this, came to harass the people of this village with the intention of intimidating them not to go to Meghalaya. but I don't want to be in Assam.
Three Rangbah and Samla were taken to the police station.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Tlidingstone Wanñiang, spokesperson of the synjuk, said that the purpose of the group is to look into various issues and struggles. inside the whole house.
The seized cows and vehicles were handed over to the police for further investigation.
How to apply for MNREDA Recruitment 2019 for Accounts Assistant JobsInterested and eligible candidate should come along with Standard Application Form and original copies of documents for verification on the date of the interview.
A time to be born, a time to die, and a time to plant, a time to uproot, a time to kill, and a time to heal;
The Minister said that the Central Government also has a strong desire to start talks with the HNLC 'and we hope that this will move forward in the coming days. he said.
Up to 42 trucks carrying mawleiñ, mawshun, coal and coke were seized by the Mawlai Police Station on Tuesday morning on a complaint by the HNYM while they were standing in line from Mawlai Nongkwar. ter ter to the Briew Ryndang.
It resolved the shortage of cash of the farmers’ households and this paved the way for the purchase of the equipment they needed.
Dr Mawthoh said the students should make good use of this opportunity for their own benefit.
If ye tremble and fight, the sword shall devour you : for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it.Isaiah 1:19-2
The District Magistrate has urged the village authorities to provide information if they find or know anyone who is killing dohum dohpnat so that they can be punished according to the law.
Police have registered a complaint and the investigation is ongoing.
But why is the same Sngikhraw called by different names in different languages? One of the reasons may be that this Sngikhraw which was held in November is closely related to the Sngiburom and special activities of these different ethnic groups, in their countries in November as I said. that the Church accepts and goes hand in hand with the customs and traditions of any nation and these are consecrated to God because all good things come from God.
At present, there are no numbers to win the power struggle, however, in politics, there can be a change even in the moment.
“The enemy does not understand the language of the existence of the human soul, and therefore, we will answer in the language they understand.
The ISL leaders won the match 3-1 to take all three points.
Shillong, March 17: The Mawhati Block Congress Committee (MBCC) will hold a meeting tomorrow to announce the candidate for the upcoming MLA elections.
There was no shisha from the beginning to the end, because he had never seen it.
Meanwhile, Sandeep Arya, Ambassador of India to Vietnam, stressed the need for better connectivity, trade and tourism between Vietnam and the North Eastern States and to support the Dinh Vinh Cuong, Director of the Vietnam International Entrepreneurs Networking Club, said, “We are still considering to start flying flights from Vietnam to the North Eastern states.
She also urged the intimidating groups to stop the threat which could fuel further fire.
Shillong, Nailur, 08: Journalist Bah Starfing Pdahkasiej has published another Khasi book as part of his struggle to disseminate more information on the border of Meghalaya.
The semi final between MLP and Umiam United was a very interesting match as both the teams were strong and strong until the end. In the first half, both teams did not manage to score.
He said that some parties want to discuss other issues besides the roster but the government has said that the discussion on that day is only on the roster and not more than that.
Speaking to media, Ampareen said she has already spoken to the Managing Director of the National Health Mission (NHM) who has informed her that the Ministry has already called tender for the companies that wish to take over the project. to operate 108 ambulance vehicles in Meghalaya.
However, the G7 leaders said they are ready to bring peace and prevent conflict in these Middle Eastern countries while they have the wisdom and power to explain and resolve the conflict. to these countries which are now in the midst of strife.
"“When people learned about this procession which they have never seen before, they came from all over Shillong to see the Catholic Christians who took part in this procession which was held at in the evening with their candles in their hands," he said.
Yes, there is good, but many turn to those who do not build a good life.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, advised the farmers to plant kseh trees in their farmland as the presence of trees makes the land fertile. He said that the yield from agriculture is higher than that of those who sell coal, because if coal costs T6500 per tonne, it means that coal costs only T6 tyngka per kilo, while jhur. He said that if the farmers take action, they will be richer than those who work in the coal mines. At the same time, he said he believes that the government officials will take action. focus on the development of farmers.
He urged the EM and the District Council authorities to immediately suspend the functioning of the committee as a village authority.
AMKA has produced more than 200 karate players who have won medals in national and international competitions in the last 40 years.
The custom of the Pnars and Wars of Jaintia district is to celebrate the arrival of this season with songs and joy.
Also present at the meeting were DrCO Rangad, Senior Vice President of the Meghalaya State Badminton Association, Rev. Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh, Executive Member of the EKHDBA, Pandora. Rapsang and other officials in charge of sports in the state.
“If you destroy the house, you will suffer.
That if the Government of India in Delhi does not approve of any group which does not want to take over the rule, it may extend the President Rule, or rule by a Governor for the President. , whatever you want.
KSU leaders led by Ferdynald Kharkamni, President KSU, NKHD, in the presence of other KSU leaders met with Kong RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi District.
Two brothers from Bihar have been arrested for bringing beautiful girls from Kashmir to marry.
Shillong, July 01: The employees of MeECL under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Power Workers' Union (MEECL) have sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma to reinstate the Addl. The request of the Union came after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the Electricity Department, He recently said through the media that a full time Chairman-cum-Managing Director of MeECL should be appointed.
For this reason, it is not permissible to be appointed as a Lyngdoh or Syiem.
EJNC President Evident Tariang said that the earthquake was caused by the earthquake.
The incident came to light on the 13th and on the 14th, NDRF and SDRF rescue teams arrived first, followed by Odissa Fire and Disaster teams followed by Coal officials. India Limited and the Indian Navy.
“We are investigating into the incident and will punish those involved according to the rules of law. We will register a case in connection with the incident,” said police.
The Meghalaya High Court on 2nd November, 2017, has ordered the CBI to agree to conduct an investigation registered by the police department into the allegation of fraud in the recruitment of teachers in LP schools. Government in the year 2008-0
Conrad promised that once the Bill on the UCC has been introduced and after seeing the explanations contained in the Bill, the opposition will be raised through the Legislative Assembly.
He said the Mobilization Bill is part of the central government's scheme of T.50 crore for the year 2018-19 and the EC has allocated T.1 crore to all the 30 MDCs of the Council. “We have called a tender for those who want the works and when the works have been going on for 3 months, and when the contractors They have gone through the work and requested us in their letters to issue the Mobilization Bill to expedite the work they have done and we have gone according to the procedure to pay the Mobilization Bill and after checking we have released it. The Mobilization Bill was initiated in the Council since 2016 by Bah PN Syiem,” said Bah Pyniaid.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah Hek said that chess is a prestigious game and is similar to tied golf because the players cover their heads when they play.
Shillong, Lber 3: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday rejected the opposition's claim that the state will be able to raise funds in the next five or six months.
Assistant General Secretary, Treasurer Maya Rymbai, Adviser Ma KL Pariat and 20 executive members.
It is learned that there was a car accident near Madan Student this night and no other incidents.
Recently, the office of the MPSC Secretary was hit by a petrol bomb, but police have not yet arrested the perpetrators.
Regarding the preparations for the 2023 election in this constituency, there are six candidates who have appeared and intend to contest in the 2023 election from different parties.
In the second half, the players of the 6th Battalion played strongly against the players of the Fisheries Department, thus in such a match they managed to score another 4 goals and which made the team The NSA will beat the NSA 9-0 to win the first title at the beginning of the NSA tournament. Up to 10 teams from different government departments have come to participate in the 2nd Inter Office Football Tournament of the NSA. Shillong: The Government of India, to remove vehicles over 40 years old, will have a serious impact on commercial taxis in Shillong, the report said.
The reporter tried to get in touch with the OC of Dawki, but he could not be reached for comment.
This work continued until June 2023 when the illegal activities were rooted out," the statement said.
Phyrnai thanked her parents, relatives especially her brother who has always encouraged her in her journey as an athlete.
The North Eastern Hills University Students' Union (NEHUSU) has denied the allegation that its members were involved in causing riots at Tura Campus and throwing stones at the quarter of the Pro Vice Chancellor (PVC). ) of G Singhaiah University in Tura, West Garo Hills.
All these problems on the border are created by the people of Assam but if the people don't create them, there will be no problem because if the people don't accept the benefits offered by the Assam government. , will not acknowledge that this area belongs to Assam.
He attended Boys High School in Kolkata at Scottish College.
“There have been about three incidents of seizure of Crystal Meth last month and the most worrying thing is because of the involvement of Myanmar nationals, who are drug traffickers and users. and the road to Mizoram.
As part of the convenience of the people in Shillong, those who wish to buy Megha Milk can buy online from narifresh.com or phone 9436547203 and for safe delivery to the homes from 8 pm to 12 pm.
The Supreme Court's ruling is also for other states in the country on the issue of employment.
On the other hand, Bah Process expressed his surprise at the suspension of the water supply project worth Rs 1.18 crore, which was allocated to supply drinking water to all the households in different parts of Mawdatbaki.
“It has violated the Meghalaya Land Transfer (Regulation) Act, 1971 because there are non-Khasi members of the cooperative society,” she said.
Even those who care about the weight of the crowd," he said.
At the same time, the party strongly condemns the proposal of the state government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma to encourage the North Eastern Frontier Railway (NEFR) to connect the railway line from Shillong to Sohra. They see that the government has not yet introduced laws and regulations against the entry and exit of foreigners and mynder in the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
“The father's lineage has no basis, it is in fact, it is the gift of the father's lineage, because the one who takes the lineage of the father also takes it from his mother.
This is because the KJCLF is concerned for the country and all the citizens.
On this last day, thousands of people from near and far came to express their condolences and condolences to the family.
When the journalists visited, it was found that the women and youths were waiting and sleeping inside the church because there was a young woman who was sick and was taken to the church to hold the prayer.
The BRO has also stated in its affidavit that vehicles weighing more than 10 MT should no longer be allowed to pass through this bridge.
The incident occurred on the way to the farm of the farmers, through the road from Pahammawlein to Umdap.
Major international organizations such as the World Health Organization (WHO), the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI's), and others say that developing a vaccine is not an easy task. After being manufactured, it has to go through various trials before being given for drinking or injection into the body and it will take about 14 to 18 months to complete.
It is to be recalled that the blue color of the river has happened since 2007, and has caused widespread death of fish and perch along the Lukha River.
Shillong, Nailar 10: According to the Coal Nationalization Act (CNA) 1973, the ownership of coal and mines in the state belongs to the private sector. law in this state.
Speaking to reporters, the Prime Minister said that the MLAs who are Parliamentary Secretaries have met him and after discussions they have handed over their resignation letters.
Harsh Choudhary was also suspended from the tournament after being defeated 0-5 by the judges in his defeat to Australian Billy McAllister in the 86kg category.
No deaths have been reported in the past 24 hours.
Investigation conducted by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) revealed that the drugs were sent to India from the coast of Poshani in Pakistan's Balochistan.
Jowai, Nailar 17 : The U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today.
Earlier, only about 10 years ago, Assam used to border only to Moojem and Moolber, but now we see that these two villages of Assam don't know how to mushlia anymore because it has proved that these two villages. These lands have fallen under Assam even though they have not yet fallen under Assam.
She said the Urban 20, a group within the G20, has tried to bring about connectivity between cities.
“Now shall we allow them to enter and leave this country as they please?” asked the Pradhan.
Banteilang Shylla scored the goals for Ladthadlaboh in the 7th minute and Daunisakiai Dkhar in the 2nd minute for Ladthadlaboh to beat Khimusniang 4-2 Sanbor Kharshanoh in the 88th minute and Promi Suting in the 90th minute.
Two schools in East Khasi Hills, Mawsmai Nongthymmai Residential School in Shella Bholaganj and Lawbah Residential School in Mawsynram.
December Dkhar, 57, who passed away on 24th June 2021 at Supercare Hospital, Shillong, was a member of the Supercare Hospital, Shillong. He is from Nongsning and is not from Lumshnong.
Prime Minister Duh tweeted, “It’s a special 2nd of July today! While we are celebrating Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, our country has prepared #HarGharTiranga, a joint effort to celebrate the flag of the country.
After the opening ceremony, a short meeting was held at the Iing Durbar of the village, where those who spoke on the occasion expressed their concern over the neglect and behind the village and especially in connection with the road.
Speaking to media, the Secretary of the Harijan Committee denied the report of the High Level Committee by saying that the HLC has not considered the rights of our people. you are your bag.
The Office of the Sirdar informs that the opening of tourist attractions will start from January 2021 to help reduce the spread of Covid-1
According to the witnesses, the accident was severe and the Maruti Zen was damaged and fell into the truck.
The child, who came to NEIGRIHMS on a Medical Visa, has recovered without any complications.
In this regard, the village authorities have urged the government to provide assistance to these families who have suffered this tragic incident.
He also showed a house where the government has allocated funds from the SLRM to collect garbage, but this person has turned it into a stone block factory and a room to store equipment. they also build and connect with the human house.
There are physical challenges, there are mental challenges and there are spiritual challenges.
TURA: The Minister of State in charge of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on Monday held a meeting with the officers of the Department of Agriculture and Horticulture from all four districts of the country. Garo to develop farmers in Orchid Polo, Tura.
This shows that for purely political gain, it is being exploited.
“I have lost many races abroad, just because the tire of my bicycle has punctured,” he said.
“Speaking at the meeting, Mr. Comingone Ymbon pointed out the need to strengthen the establishment of Cooperatives.
The President of the Khasi Jaintia Tourist Maxi Cab Association, Bah Pyllaitdame Ladong, said that the deterioration of the road which has been filled with heavy crematoria in the middle of the road has put at risk the people, drivers as well as the vehicles. He said that so far there have been no injuries on this road and he urged the people to repair the road before such an incident happens.
The union requests the authorities of the department to take the necessary action, but till now MeECL has not come to inspect or replace the transformer, but the residents have to buy mombati. and lamps to be used for lighting in the evenings while electricity could not come to the neighborhoods where they lived.
End of Sentence”.
The leaders of the repv.
This has pleased the residents of the village especially the young girls and women who have to clean up at a shyngiar water tank in the village.
It may be recalled that a few days ago, LG Nongsiej, MDC of HSPDP from Nongstoin and Morningstar Mawsor, MDC of HSPDP from Mawshynrut had left to support the ruling PDF in KHADC. After the two leaders left to support the PDF, HSPDP President Ardent said that it was only a personal visit. He said that this will be discussed at the CEC. However, it is understood from other sources that there has been a threat to suspend these two members. against the Party.
Ud longtheng, now I have taken this snier syiar, give me the answer that if you really bless my son David Nianglang, let this cow answer with a smile, but if you bless me to have a sda milk".
The closure of schools was called by the GSU, FKJGP, ADE and AYWO. The death of the youth was believed to be a theft by someone. He said that the youth was arrested on 13th June, on charges of involvement in the torture of 12 women and after that, he was imprisoned.
On social media, it was seen that the MDCs, Bah Pynin S.Syiem, Bah Titos handed over a full page order to Freeman S.Syiem in the presence of Bah Martle Mukhim.
It should be noted that the Lngam are a special people living in the West and South West Khasi Hills.
This was announced by S.Sari Publicity Secretary Sengkhihlang.
With this victory, Lajong Under-19 team will have to face the winner of the second semi final, SAI, Manipur or Siniolchu FC from Sikkim.
Therefore, due to the lack of water sources, many residents have to spend tens of thousands of rupees to buy water pumps or motors with pipes to supply water to their homes.
“They took the family members to Dimapur to bring weapons,” Raju said.
Because the Government of Meghalaya through the Education Department has sent courses for class IX and X students only on electronic media (Dordarshan/All Dia Radio, etc) but they have forgotten that newspapers are also tools. It is good to provide information and training to the children besides reaching all over the country and at a price that parents can still afford, we will try to write a little bit here about one. poetry by Soso Tham from the book Duitara Ksiar about the Dieng Bilat for class X. If the children feel the benefit and the parents also feel the benefit, it can be published from time to time only during the lockdown, schools are not open.
On the occasion of its 25th Anniversary, the Dorbar Shnong Mawmihthied has donated 5000 Sq.
In the last MLA election, the BJP had contested against Jrop Sing Nongkhlaw from this constituency with 3,390 votes.
They called the police at 2 pm, but when the police arrived they could not do anything and until 5 pm they were taken to the police station and called their relatives, but until 9:30 pm. In the morning, their relatives did not come out and a civil society organization was called to help them.
Wadbor Nongphud Asst Secretary FKJGP WKHD said that during the meeting with the Labor Commissioner, the union demanded that the Officer Incharge should be appointed. GM Pakyntein Deputy Labor Commissioner, who took over the post, has taken leave due to illness. .
The Sur Ki Nong Mawlai (SKNM) which includes the KSU, FKJGP and HNYF Mawlai Circle has decided to hold a The flags will start at 9:00 pm.
Margaret's visit was accompanied by the three-member Indian Armwrestling Federation team to represent India in the tournament.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad Sangma said that South Tura is the constituency where he is now leading and he will contest again from that constituency in the 2023 elections.
In Jaintia Hills, Khanduli 12.80 sq km, Psiar 64 sq km under Raliang and Nongjngi districts, Ratacherra 11.20 sq km under Narpuh district.
The group is understood to be involved in kidnappings in Tura, Tikrikilla, Phul Bari in Garo Hills and parts of Agia in Assam. Now, in the last few months.
“You can improve many of the families of these youths if you apply and fill these vacancies,” said Bah Kharkrang.
Under Sec 6(B), there are paragraphs (1), (2), (3) and (4) mentioned by Bah Shylla.
Ezekiel 37:1–11.
He was arrested illegally from his residence in Karimnagar.
Perhaps the government will be able to explain better tomorrow and in the coming days.
The President of the West Jaintia Hills Wushu Association (WJHWA) Sambormi Lyngdoh together with the office bearers of the WJHWA congratulated the MLA of 2-Jowai Constituency Ma Wailadmiki Shylla for his contribution and support. The West Jaintia Hills Wushu Association has donated money to participate in this tournament.
Khliehriat MLA Kyrmen Shylla on Thursday distributed blankets to 27 parents of Bataw village, East Jaintia Hills.
Speaking on the formation of the group, Marak said the group does not want to shed blood but wants to talk peacefully.
On the other hand, the DC, who is keen to develop the factory, said that the factory will help the unemployed youth and the villagers to earn an income.
If the government really intends to make this school bus a success, it should be run by the schools themselves.
“Another issue is employment, I have invited people from Australia but it is easy in the state because it is the way, I don't blame anyone with one. “These are the shortcomings, maybe if I win again I will have more knowledge to bring about many other development projects,” he said.
Therefore, the children feel reluctant to go to school when they do not receive education that benefits them.
It is learned that in fact Muslims have an I'd ul fitter, since last Friday and many tourists from Bangladesh have been visiting the Umngot River.
We used to carry the sick in wheelchairs that we had made for the sick.
Nongstoin Police Station said that after the incident, the family members of the girl lodged a complaint at the Nongstoin Police Station against the robbers.
Ryntih didn't lose heart and fought hard to score.
Now Jerusalem is divided between the Jews and the Philistines.
Shillong: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, has asked the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma how many MLAs and Ministers of the Government He said that the state government has received the letter of demand for money and it is then that it will be known that the situation in the state is difficult. He said that the answer should be asked by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
The Eastern West Khasi Hills District Cricket Association (EWKHDCA) on Saturday opened the T20 Cricket Tournament
The union has also received information that there has been a bombing to forcibly release the youths who have been arrested in police custody, some of whom have been injured and have marks on their bodies.
The 5th of this month became history in Shillong when the Garo (Achik) people staged a protest to demand their own state called “Garoland State” separate from Meghalaya. .
The tournament will be held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium and Kiang Nangbah Government College Playground Jowai on the 3rd of July.
The Bharatiya Janata Party, which is contesting the elections in Meghalaya and as a nationwide party, has its own foundation and ideology.
Furthermore, heavy rainfall and strong winds can also destroy or carry away weak structures and the presence of white hail and lightning can injure people and animals. outside without protection or fencing.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Carness Sohshang, MDC of Mawkyrwat Constituency, expressed his satisfaction to see that the youth of this constituency have improved in their skills. that even in the midst of growth and development in all aspects due to many changes we should not forget our own.
“However, the Government has sent only the Pollution Control Board to test the river and has not yet submitted the report,” he added.
The appointment of two Symbud Myntri Rangbah is a clear message to all the districts and regions. Regarding the appointment of Government Ministers, the Chief Minister said that this will be done soon. public notice within 24 hours or within 48 hours.
Bah CT Nongrum, one of the elders of the area, expressed his deep sorrow over the deterioration of the road, as it has caused a lot of trouble to the people in coming and going.
“A man's life does not consist in the abundance of the things he possesses” Luke 12:1
“The Chairmen of these Regional Committees have worked hard, and we hope that before Christmas there will be places where we can fix them,” he said.
Under -17 Boy's & Girl's:- 100mts, 200mts, 400mts, 800mts, 1500mts & 3000mts and High Jump & Long Jump.
He said that all schools in the State will have adequate internet.
On his part, he said he would discuss with the government to cooperate with the new college.
The government's move has angered the MLAs, especially those from the opposition, who have alleged that it is the government's will without prior notice.
On the other hand, the Congress has said that they will not allow them to become a college, but they will demand a university.
On the other hand, the Tourist Drivers Association today met with the Meghalaya Government officials from the Commissioner Transport and the State Police to resolve the issue.
Zoo officials recovered the body by the time they went to feed the animals.
There are 3167 polling stations in the state.
The Lebanese army did not want to give her name, or the country where she lives, nor the child she was carrying; However, it was reported that the blood taken from the child proved that he was the son of Baghdadi.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle on Tuesday under the leadership of Phanuel Tongper rushed to Donaskur village in Narpuh district, East Jaintia Hills Hills District after receiving a tip that a woman was killed by her enemy. Priskila Suchiang, 45, of Bangladesh, has been arrested on Monday morning at about 11 pm.
KSU NKHDU Assistant Education Secretary Samla Toning Lapang, KSU Mawprem Circle President Samla Aris Thabah, Members of KSU Upper Shillong Circle and members of Pomkañiew Unit were also present.
Our Khasi Jaintia country is the same, the British Government before leaving us declared us as independent kings and kingdoms, this means we can join any country or create our own country. .
Before the Advance Christmas celebration, the NBCC leaders together with the MLA of Nongpoh, before holding the Advance Christmas celebration at Marngar, visited the site with gifts. ri Khun swet Mawsynrai PHC and also visited the patients at Mawsyntai PHC, where they also gave gifts along with blessings.
Witting Mawsor General Secretary of the HSPDP said that the leaders of the party to campaign in the six constituencies will be the leaders of the Central Body from Ardent Basaiawmoit-President, himself and others. leaders including MLAs and MDCs of the party.
JETS will also be the first group of local youths to run a business through two wheelers in Shillong which is similar to the Rapido from outside the state.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has decided to support UDP leader Jemino Mawthoh as the joint candidate for the upcoming elections. and Shillong Constituency.
“When asked, these women gave different answers to their reasons for the visit”.
New Delhi: The Union Ministry of Education today announced the nominees for the National Award for Teachers (NAT) for the year
“In this regard, I request you to examine and find ways and means by holding a meeting with all three ADCs to discuss this issue and not to go to the White House,” said Bah Dkhar.
Sohryngkham SC and Umphyrnai SC have reached the final of the SSA Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 after winning on Saturday.
Shillong, Jymmang, 09: The State Government on Tuesday completed the evacuation of all the residents of Manipur after being able to evacuate all the residents who have been stranded in Manipur. and there was a great bloodshed.
These are just a few of the ages of mankind when the earth was pure.
WJHDCA beat East Khasi Hills District Cricket Association (EKHCA) by nine wickets on the opening day of the U-14 Girls Inter District T20 tournament at Nongpyndeng, West Khasi Hills on Saturday. First.
Manish Sharma took two wickets for 38 runs, Agreas Chamcham Sangma took one wicket for 52 runs and Jaskirat took one wicket for 68 runs.
Speaking to media, the Director of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC), Bah Allan West Kharkongor said that they have worked hard to educate the public to care for and preserve the birds and animals that live in the area. state.
At this meeting, the center distributed 500 certificates to the best computer and language students.
It is alleged that these foreigners with malicious intentions called the young woman to the stock slipper shop to show off the new slippers, but they threw their hands at her and she escaped from the tyrsiem. snow that tries to attack you.
However, Burnley have been able to show the skills to stay in the top flight for seven seasons under Sean Dyche between 2016 and
Lawan, besides encouraging the students to participate in various activities during the college week, said that the college is working hard on various projects to improve the quality of education. you need students.
Samla Gerald also strongly criticized the government for trying to interfere in this issue and also for the MLAs from Khasi Hills who have not said anything on this issue.
They sent a letter to the SBI Ladrymbai Branch on Thursday.
“He said that the State Government has discussed from time to time for the welfare of all teachers without discrimination.
Although they lost to Lajong in the final of the MSL 2019, it would be greater if they could win this time.
I saw that those works were not in the sky, but in the sky.
After meeting with the teachers and students and inspecting the damaged building, the Prime Minister announced an emergency assistance of T.1 crore and a fund for the rebuilding of the school. , shall be done after receiving the approval of the school authorities.
In June 2021, MDA leaders announced on their return from Delhi that Amit Shah no longer wants to meet Meghalayans in Delhi but wants to stay for two nights in Shillong. To be able to talk to the leaders of the MDA government, MLAs and civil society on the ILP, the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule, and many other issues affecting the state.
More than 2.7 lakh farmers have benefited from this program and there are now 20,000 Producer Groups.
Bah Pynshngaiñ said that during the festival there will be many shops selling various food and beverages, handicrafts, exhibitions of the traditional customs and traditions of the Khasi-Khara people. I will not be able to participate in the various himas and raids in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills and others.
However, we cannot force anyone to improve and it is not good to create hatred among people.
The Registrar General of the High Court has directed the District Judge, Ri Bhoi to submit all the documents to the District Judge, Ri Bhoi. this should be completed within this coming week.
The people have expressed their desire to get the ILP since 2013 until now.
The US Navy said on Tuesday that the USS Milius crossed the Taiwan Strait on Sunday.
The survey also found that the region relies heavily on assistance from the central government for health needs through the National Health Mission.
Today, the number of people in the world has increased fourfold and many of them live in cities.
For more information on how to Register and Do Business Listing, please read the FAQs of the Website.
Jabeda has already sold her three bigha land to pay for a lawyer and now has to work on another farm at T.150 per day. no.
His plan to connect the Molai Forest with the Kaziranga National Park, over a length of 60 kilometers, is underway and this will further strengthen the measures to conserve the environment and biodiversity.
“In 2014, the NGT banned coal mining in Meghalaya and I asked Mukul Sangma why he did not appeal against the decision of the NGT to the Supreme Court.
Shillong, July 6 : The Chief Election Officer of Meghalaya, Meghalaya, today said that the Final Rolls of Voters in Meghalaya have been released on July This is an increase of 30,949 voters compared to the previous total of 21,86,1
There are various medicines made by our Khasi doctors.
It is in the same way that when people experience suffering they turn to God but why don't they escape from those sufferings and dangers they face, because if they don't have faith they don't have faith. trust in God and you will not be saved.
Everyone talked about how to promote sports in the state, especially to produce sportsmen and sportswomen from their own Jaitbynriew, where they should never be influenced by foreigners or others. pat that Nation.
Shillong, Naitung :The SRT, in a statement through its General Secretary, Bah A.Lyngdoh, has informed all the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia that there is no provision in the Act. There is no law prohibiting those who do not have a ST Certificate from applying for an ST Certificate.
On the other hand, the Chief Justice of India said that any act of violence by men against women in such incidents of bloodshed is deeply regrettable.
It is easy for you to blame but it is important to understand what is going on and how these things happen.
Shillong: The collapse of roads in parts of Upper Shillong, has affected from 7 Mile to 3 Mile, even the Umshyrpi Bridge, has been damaged. , that the bridge has collapsed and nar rods have started to appear on top and this could endanger the traffic of people and vehicles as well, passing through the bridge.
In this government we have spent a lot of money on education and I feel that we are on the right path to bring about change.
Shillong, June 13: An earthquake measuring 6.8 on the Richter Scale has struck Shillong today.
The Lehniam Sohjer was inaugurated on the 17th of this month, but was inaugurated yesterday by Paiem Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, in the presence of Basan, Ministers, the chiefs of the Raid, the elders of the area and the children of the thousands of the Raid Marwet.
This has caused a lot of trouble to the people of the area especially in the more remote areas.
Union Defense Minister Amit Shah will visit the North Eastern state of Mizoram on June
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) is ready to hold the XV General Election on the 6th of June.
Speaking on the matter, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said, “We have received information recently and the government will look into what should be done”.
At 3:59 pm, one of his relatives informed the EMRI about the incident and requested an ambulance, which took him to the Civil Hospital at 5:30 pm. .
Doctors from the Veterinary Department, who attended the event included Dr. H. Kylla, DIO Shillong, Dr. H. Kharshandi, District Veterinary Officer, Ri Bhoi, Dr. CN Sangma, Veterinary Officer ( Umling) and other personnel from the Veterinary Department.
Shillong: Jaintia Eastern Colleges beat Raid Laban College 5-4 in the first leg of the NEHU Inter College Football Tournament
In the evening, a procession of the Eucharist started from the grounds of the cathedral and ended at Calvary, followed by the adoration of the Holy Eucharist before the Archbishop took it to the church. Sir.
He said another issue is the purchase of 16 trucks for Star Cement to 300 trucks and the relocation of the cement godown of the dewbilat factories from the state to Assam.
In the same year, we also gathered all the Hima Chiefs to meet with them, because in those years, they started to oppose the District Council, because of the 'khlam politics' and other reasons. ing also.
The 74-year-old tycoon was brought before the court at the end of a day of detention and interrogation by the EC team on Friday.
This could also be the path for the third game, only if the two teams reach the final.
KHNAM therefore demands that foreign companies should seek permission from the MAA before they come to conduct these programs and that they should also have proper trading licenses from the District Councils. This was stated by Bah Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM State Youth Wing.
The incident occurred when the crowd did not agree with the outcome of the meeting, which led them to take the border and throw stones at the security forces and the venue of the meeting. .
That is the Corporate Governance Act and MCCL is no different and we should understand that.
Although she did not explain, she said that if the TMC comes to power, it will take action to resolve these issues that the state has agreed to resolve, whether it is the illegal trade in coal. the demarcation of the ILP and others.
RSS volunteers have visited Mukhla, Ummulong, Wahiajer and Nartiang villages to distribute up to 200 gloves and 150 masks to vendors and residents.
He wanted to be chairman or thlim. There was a second king, Bah Arden, who was a warrior of the country.
The talks were held after the opening of the MPCC meeting and before the CLP meeting of the Congress party. At the MPCC meeting held at the Alpine Hotel, Faleiro said that the The meeting was attended by MLAs, MDCs Congress including all the leaders from District and Block Level.
In the announcement, the factory department has stated that the land owned by the factory includes Umiam Industrial Estate, Shillong Industrial Estate, Short Round Road, Polo Hills, East. Khasi Hills, Khliehtyrshi Industrial Estate, West Jaintia Hills, Nongstoin Industrial Estate, Mawiaban, West Khasi Hills, Tura Industrial Estate, Matchakolgre, Tura, West Garo Hills, Mendipathar Growth Center, Mendipathar, North Garo Hills, Mendipathar Endustrial William Industrial , East Garo Hills.
When asked whether there were any documents in this case, she replied, “What documents, they steal when it is hot.
The agreement was signed by Shambhu Singh, Joint Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs, and Jack Jimomi, Supervisor of the GPRN and NSCN under the NSCN (KK).
Ummulong Sports Club scored 61 runs in 12 overs for the loss of all wickets.
Up to 93818 people have been infected in the past few years but 92212 people have recovered.
Please bring Abhinandan back in peace.
But all these things are the beginning of sorrows.
Because it is you who have inherited the past to improve the present and for future generations.
The 14 schools that received the assistance are from Khaddum, Brichyrnot, Tongseng, Lumtongseng, Sakhri and Lumshnong.
Rapsang said that the Syiem has denied that there was such a meeting with the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram after the meeting with the members of the Dorbar Shnong.
“We will consider this matter carefully before we think how to proceed,” he said.
The MOU was signed today at the Faculty of Decorative Arts, Silpakorn University, Thailand.
In a statement, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah SD Lyngdoh, said that on 2nd March 2015, the Sutnga Village Authority had blocked the construction of the Sutnga-Sumer road which falls from 3 km ahead and A complaint has also been lodged against the contractor Silvanus Sukhalin.
In Shillong, Umrit FC played a 3-1 victory over Umrit FC at the Third Ground in Polo.
Khulom Ksiar is the Atair and the sword that cannot be used to mark the survival and peace of the nation. the whole nation.
Adelbert Nongrum strongly criticized the various governments for forgetting the struggle of Kiang Nangbah to protect the country and the Maki people.
He said that in the RTI request, he had sought a reply from MeECL on the vacancies in the Corporation, the retirement and promotion of the employees of the Corporation and another on the documents. regarding the provision of electricity to the people living in Them Iew Mawlong including the names of 428 Harijans.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, said that according to the decision taken at the meeting at Sabuda from both the districts, the aim is to end any conflict between the residents of Assam and of Meghalaya.
Regarding this road, he requested the PWD department to take action for the construction of the road. According to the MLA, more than Rs 3 crore has been allocated for the construction of the road. This is the round road.
“I am pleased that out of the 39 blocks, Mairang is one of the leading blocks and such fairs cannot be held in the blocks but starting from the leading blocks. “It makes Mairang come forward and without your come forward Mairang Block will not come forward,” he said.
Q. The question is how many of us remember that we cannot rise if we don't know how to appreciate the 24 hours a day.
Lyngdoh said that the Pollution Control Board does not have the equipment to test the radiation in the area and also in the water. Those who drink the water, which flows into Ranikor and other villages, can get sick.
A happy life is a complete and complete life, a society that is indivisible and free of barriers and barriers.
Therefore, the people of the region are entitled to a fair share compared to the contribution of the North East to the prosperity of India as a whole.
Shillong: The government has decided to transfer several officers to the rank of Range Officer, including an officer from Western Ribhoi, Bah Enias Rani, who works as a Range Officer. Officer of Soil and Water Conservation in Patharkhmah.
Furthermore, Bah Marngar asked about the big programs that the sports department has organized under the CMFDF scheme. Bah Shakliar said that the department has organized many programs such as dance competitions, songs. , essay writing competition, information competition, drawing competition and others.
The President will spend the night in Tura and leave for Shillong tomorrow to visit several villages in Ri Lum Khasi and Jaintia.
As soon as these farmers were attacked and beaten, it was seen that the farmers, drove away these vehicles and bombed them with sticks.
The Ashwamedha Yagya has been a major public awareness program to protect millions of youth from drug addiction and to build and live a better life, he said.
“The nation is in a state of emergency, we need to discuss the Land Bill, other bills that really affect the nation but the EC has called a special session only for the benefit of the politicians,” he said. to Mr. Adelbert.
When asked about the incident, the Union said that they have nothing to say, because they don't know who owns the land and It is up to the government and the Kur Kur Kalang to resolve this issue and said that the Union has not yet met with the Kur Kur Kalang, as this forest has always been known as a government forest. .
The coal, which is very abundant, is not one that the Government has already counted or that it has just received.
As we all know that this PHC has only one doctor serving in 14 villages and 18 to 20 thousand residents and about 30 to 35 patients come every day. .
Jharkhand and Bihar scored the lowest with 43.95 and 44.47 respectively.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Jayson Lennox Nongrum, Convener and President of the party, said that the reason for the establishment of the party is on the basis of There are still many issues that we as the youth of the District have to work for the development of this District.
A case has been registered against the suspects at Jowai Police Station.
He also asked whether those Bengalis or Nepalis who can sit on various committees will make these laws for the benefit of our people? Why does our nation suffer so much? It is because of the laws that improve the Jaitbynriew that committees have been made by other Jaitbynriew.
Furthermore, it was learned that MeECL has sent letters to the shopkeepers many times, but the shopkeepers have not believed and without the authority to After requesting permission from MeECL, they continued to set up shops in the area until they were forcibly demolished today.
Investigation revealed that the abductee was a drug dealer who had delivered a box of heroin to the group, who abducted him as soon as he received the drugs.
In the UDP, the election of the president should not be held by election but by the appointment or election of a Nomination Committee which shall have several members and shall bring them to the meeting to raise their hands for confirmation.
Shillong, June 8: The Ri Umsnam People's Alliance (RUPA) has urged the people of the state to turn out on the 9th to vote for the election of the MP from the Shillong Parliamentary seat. Parliament of India.
Another bank has been temporarily closed after an employee tested positive for COVID-19 in Jowai on Tuesday.
Lyngdoh said the Governor wants to know whether the Constituency Division Bill can be passed by only one Autonomous District Council (ADC) or by all the District Councils in the state.
Nongpoh: U Bah Jayand Sylliang, Rangbah Shnong of Pahammawlein, has been stabbed and tied and bombed by the police at 10 pm this morning. The Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) was on duty at the Weigh Brigade in Narang, Ri Bhoi District, on his way from Nongpoh to his house in Pahammawlein.
Hep replied, “Then you will be shot and killed.
For my part, I don't feel like going to church because of these three rules that the government has banned.
However, it is also difficult for the police to prevent such incidents due to the deteriorating condition of the people.
The price hike started at T.72 lakh in Hanumangarh district of Rajasthan and started at 11 pm and ended at midnight. synthesis.
It has measured the water and the pH is 3.5 percent acidic and PPM (particles per million only 3) and to survive the fish need a minimum of
The tournament was also held as part of the Golden Jubilee Celebration (1972-2022) of the association.
Poison singer Bret Michaels said that the band will never be like other bands and will strive to bring together all the bands. piece.
He said that if the caregivers face any problems especially during the time of illness, the foundation is ready to help and hopefully they will have more opportunities to meet and help these children and those who have disabilities in collaboration with the Village Authorities of this Village.
Meghalaya has now passed 50 years since the Prime Minister of India (L) Indira Gandhi announced in June, 1972 that Meghalaya will get its own state.
Shillong: The Shillong Archdiocese Catholic Youth Movement (SACYM) is pleased to announce that the Youth Sunday will be held at St. Joseph Parish Laitkor on the 29th October, 2020 and the Silence Rally on Drugs Abuse. which will be held on the 4th June, 2020 has been postponed in collaboration with the Government of India in connection with the COVID 19 pandemic.
Italy will play England or Denmark in the final on Sunday at Wembley Stadium in England.
The Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma will be the chief guest and the program will start at 4 pm.
He also criticized the Congress MP Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala for not showing any signs of bringing about major development projects in the state and especially in Shillong despite being in power in the state. during the former UPA government.
To pay tribute to this hero and hero, the Government of Meghalaya has given a public holiday across the state to commemorate the death anniversary of Tirot Singh on the 17th of November every year.
Family members,couples and even strangers meet with enthusiasm, sharing not only food but stories and laughter.
Therefore, there may be something that the BJP cannot create in this state not because of the Christian people but because of its own family in this state especially from the leaders. you are in this state.
The Mihngi Synod 2015 will be held from 12th to 15th October and will be hosted by the Lumpyllon Church near Lumdiengiei while the Ri-Bhoi Synod will be held in the fourth month of October.
In the second half, although the players of both the teams showed their skills, Mawten SC and Seven United SC failed to succeed due to their skills. The goalkeepers and rearguards were unable to score until the end of the regular time.
Do you claim this? The MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah PT Sawkmie, also strongly condemned the tear gas attack on the teachers. The MDA government has no respect for the teachers.
It was on that day that one of his talents was revealed, as a very good musician.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah P Suchen, Neera Sarmah and SE Kharpran, as well as by two trainees who expressed the benefits they have received during these 25 days of training. their training.
The tournament is also part of the preparation for the upcoming national games.
In a petition sent to the Chief Minister through the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, the War Jaintia Students Union (WJSU) has demanded that the government should set up a District Industries Centers in Amlarem and many Civil Sub Divisions have become Districts, thus the District Level Officer is required for the development of the people.
Shillong, Naitung 6 : U HM Shangpliang, MLA of Mawsynram Constituency, today visited the Orchid Lake Resort, Umiam Ri Bhoi District to support the NDA Presidential Candidate Droupadi Murmu. support from MLAs and MPs of the state.
Because it has been a long time, it has been main and happy.
The fire was extinguished by a fire engine of the Fire Brigade.
Chandigarh: There are many people who are sick with rheumatoid arthritis; Because of the presence of snowdrifts on various roads, however, there is one incident, which has revived the deceased, only because, the car, which he was riding, has collided on the snowdrift road. .
Conrad was speaking at the 60th Anniversary Celebration of Auxilium Girl's Higher Secondary School, Shillong where he was the chief guest in the presence of Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui. Nongthymmai MLA Charles Pyngrope, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, DC East Khasi Hills and others.
UP School has 14 students.
They said that the cold weather in Jaintia Hills has started since Tuesday, but the cold weather has been mild, but today the cold weather has been severe and as heavy as a marble.
Finely L Pariat, Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MAA), has been elected as the new General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MAA).
On the other hand, women cannot wait or seek the truth whether it is true or false.
Therefore, the UCC is the law to make one law for all the citizens of India.
Police said that on July 25, 2022, Dhrubananda Choudhory of Bichilral Path, Goalpara lodged a complaint that on July 24, 2022, he sent Rs 95,000 to his wife to take her to Dainadubi. 29-30 tons of coal were delivered to him but he did not pay the money.
The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) has announced that it will hold a strike on 25th June 2022 in all district headquarters.
At that time Rev.JJM Nichols Roy was a Minister in the Government of India and because he was from the same area as Bah Joy and because he was a close friend of Bah Swell had gone to India to ask for help but it was said that at that time Swell's requests for help from Joy were in vain and the friendship between the two became distant. .
“However, even if we take measures, it is not complete so we are struggling to find ways and means to improve what has already been damaged,” he said.
Wellbirth Rani, President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, has spoken out against the bill, saying that in Assam, the Assam Accord has been implemented for the purpose of expelling Bangladeshis. The Government of India has passed the Citizenship Amendment Bill to allow Bangladeshis to stay and become Indian citizens.
The mother and two children were taken to Civil Hospital Shillong on the 29th but sadly one of the children died on the way and on the 30th the mother died. mother, Kong Smilinda Mawnai and on the 31st her son passed away.
Nujorki Sungoh said that during his tenure as a leader, he has tried his best to complete the pending tasks in the constituency.
Since then, this dance has been known as 'Khamtam' by people from outside the state.
Shillong: The Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today said that the road from Umshyrpi to Baniun, which is under Package-I of the Shillong-Dawki Road Project, is still under review. new tender.
On the 19th November 2019, many people have come to attend those rallies because they say that the ILP has been granted in our State.
The Raij Tuber includes 11 villages from West Jaintia Hills and more than 18 villages from East Jaintia Hills. There were only 27 colors.
Furthermore, the order also expressed the need to hold a meeting for peace tomorrow Friday.
“The EC and the council as a whole should send a letter to the government to increase the royalty share from 25% to 35% to meet the budget of the council as a whole,” said Bah Martle.
There are those who work hard and suffer to earn a living.
Political Secretary Aristar Thongni, PSO Storgy Lyngdoh, PSO Raymond Lapang, PSO and members of the HNYF were also present on the occasion. HNLC leaders and the government before the formal talks start in July.
In Jesus' day, people did not have access to such basic necessities as health and medical care, food, shelter, and clothing.
Publicity Secretary : The members are:
The body's inability to produce insulin is due to fat accumulation and high blood sugar levels caused by a protein known as carbohydrate responsive element binding protein (ChREBP).
Police have arrested the suspect from his workplace.
Mawshbuit SC beat Pohkseh SC 2-1 with B.Mawrie 6', 50' and P.Kharkongor 59' for Mawshbuit SC.
This is the kind of money that can turn Meghalaya into a debt-ridden state with no way to clean up the money that has been taken back along with the interest.
Meghalaya Governor Phagu Chauhan took part in the Behdienkhlam ceremony in Jowai in the presence of Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court Sanjib Banerjee.
It is not true that they have to set rules for us or to explain.
Syrti said this happened after they were informed that the Assam police had set up a camp in the area which the Karbi claimed to be under Assam while the residents of Lapangap. He said that it is still part of Meghalaya.
This is very terrible.
He said that it will soon be sent to the Governor through the DCA for approval.
“76 years of independence and 50 years of full statehood, but previous central governments have rejected Meghalaya's demand for roads. fine.
The members of the HNLC have already lost their parents, brothers and sisters, husbands and children and have lost not only their families but also their own lives.
Shillong: U MLA of South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, today slammed the leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) AL Hek and Ernest Mawrie. He spoke against the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 20 cases and all of them are high risk.
In this regard, the district authorities said that the distribution of tickets will continue, but on the other hand, they will not force the shopkeepers to take tickets if they do not have the will. To date, more than 5,000 people have been vaccinated in Ïewduh.
Entry and exit to these areas has been banned, the government said in a statement.
“This training will ensure that the election assistants will receive the knowledge and training to communicate with voters with disabilities, especially in upholding their rights. to fulfill their duty in voting to elect leaders in the Constitution.
The incident happened on Tuesday at 11 am, when about 200 people led by the Manager of Nahar Tea Garden, were arrested. It has taken over the land inhabited by these Khasi which is about 200 acres.
One word before I conclude,I would like to say to you all;Be always wise,When choosing a leader.
Such services can also be provided in factories where employees can take their shares at their workplaces.
“Instead of building quickly on time, they have struggled to complete it quickly and there is also a lot of corruption in this and the collapse of the house is due to the blindness of the The government has nothing to do with it.
They have also passed through the revenue collection gates at Tikrikilla, Nidanpur, Chibinang, Phulbari, Koylaghat, Gudibala, Rajpur, New Bhaitbari, Hallidayganj and other places.
Destruction brings destruction in many ways.
“We cannot file a writ petition or a contempt of court,” said Shylla.
The JHADC is currently in dire financial straits where even the salaries of its employees and MDCs do not have enough money to pay.
One of the most crowded areas is the center of Motphran where jhur is sold between the road and the garbage dump in Motphran itself.
He said that this statement is wrong and unacceptable because not only the MJACCV has gone to demand an increase in the fare but also the MJACCV is one of the organizations that has demanded an increase in the fare. go and petition the government to demand an increase in fares.
Kiming Dkhar scored the first goal for Moolamanoh SC in the 65th minute.
As a leader, Bah HS Shylla has been a great leader.
In order to meet this great demand, in modern knowledge, Veterinary Science has tried many ways to produce high yielding breeds of chickens and also better farming methods.
It is worth mentioning that this work has been delayed for a long time because earlier when the government was planning to demolish after receiving an order from the court, the people living in the area, The appeal was filed and the court ordered the suspension.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, said four of them were arrested while they were trying to escape.
You are the one who doesn't lose your soul.
Demthring beat Sabahmuswang 1-0 in the Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 2023 sponsored by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
They are far from their families and they are far from the sight of the people,” said Sr.
So Jesus went to Samaria.
According to the organizers, the reason for the visit was because the people of Shillong themselves love music and dance which has been known as the “Rock Capital of India”. “Malu mala said that the tickets that can be sold are not less than 5,000 tickets at the time of writing and the maximum ticket price is 1,000 tyngka.
Nongstoin, 31 Naitung :Last month, Shallang Police Station, on Tuesday received a complaint from a man from Shallang village who came to the police station saying that he had been raped. They also demanded 1 lakh tyngka from the robbers over the phone.
The helicopter, which went to help on that day, crashed on Monday morning at the same place, where the security forces were fighting against the gangs and no one was killed. There is no news whether those on board the plane are still alive.
Two Vice Presidents, Johnwell G. Momin and Despitol Sun, while Khraw Kharmawphlang and Jimy Bosco Shadap were appointed as Joint Secretaries.
If such an attitude is shown by our leaders, it is clear that they are short-sighted and stupid, they don't have any vision but they only know how to consume the resources of the state,, and if we continue to allow such leaders, our state and our heritage will continue to decline in the future.
Therefore, the match in the second half ended without both teams being able to score.
And such a Church of the Spirit of God has no place to work independently because it is the Church of People's Opinion, and it becomes such an institution.
lastly, do the majority pupil who joined theology intended the pursuing of the theological equiping exclusively for future entry into politics? If the research result in the majority of “yesses”, could then the theologian cum politician confront and expose peer politicians who are corrupted for the name of Christ? for the balance of rethinking and posterity consensus of the matter.
After the completion of the drafting of the Bill, the Executive Dorbar will be convened again to approve the Bill before it is passed in the KHADC. The Dorbar Pyllun shall consist of not less than 10,000 members from all villages, Hima and Raid.
On the other hand, Bah Hamland Paliar, Rangbah Kur Palaiar, said that the Kur Paliar wants to make this hill one of the most famous tourist attractions in the world. the Jaintia Hills.
Years pass, years come and so at the beginning of 2022 we will take the time to look back at the past and especially to the year 2021 which has just passed and at the same time we will look forward with faith and hope that life will get better.
“It may not be for their personal (benefit).
Therefore, he urged the government to take action to provide and employ trained personnel, whether by Municipal personnel or health personnel, so that it can assist them. families who have suffered such a tragic disaster.
The Chief Minister made this announcement at two meetings held in Amlarem Sub-Division, Khrang Suri, Lad Japlem and Kudengrim.
This reporter spoke to several vendors to ask them how they feel about the visit of the Prime Minister to the market. Many of them said that they are happy that he came to see for himself the crowd. However, they expressed their regret that before the arrival of the Prime Minister, the condition of the market had changed completely and the Prime Minister had not seen with his own eyes that the market was crowded.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Education Cell has expressed its strong opposition to the nomination and admission of two Scheduled Caste students Iftikar Ali Mondal and Ummay Habiba Begum to study through the Scheduled Caste. state quota for College of Agriculture, Manipur.
“According to the meeting with the Chief Engineer of PWD (R), it was learned that the construction time of this road is only 6 months and the construction is only 50%,” he said. and Poldip.
Although the Central Government has said that the people should not worry about the shortage of money, it has not yet reached enough because the people who line up in the morning at the ATMs, have to leave empty-handed. they don't have any more money.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Thadlaskein Circle, today 18th November 2020, renewed its office bearers at Rilang Memorial School Ummulong. At the age of 10, he joined the party to work together for the good of this area and the country as a whole.
These are electromagnetic weapons, which enter the body of the enemy and cause the body to burn, said Jin Canrong, a scholar who read the line, while speaking to his students at Beijing.
India now has the second highest number of cases in the world, according to Worldometers.
Chanjib Chettri (10,12,17,21,28,34,50,52 & 54) scored three hat-tricks.
“The sudden passing away of this young man is a great loss to the Seng, to the family, to the community and also to the country and the nation,” said the statement. Your service to the Jaitbynriew through the Seng has been a great achievement for the Jaitbynriew,” said the statement.
Shadap said the case was filed in the District Council Court in June.
For that reason, the poet says, 'The man is ready to stand up!'
After the ceremony, the Archbishop handed over the documents and the testimony between the Parish Council and the first spiritual leader.
At this time he will enter and pretend to be a righteous god and will order the Jews to build the Third Temple in Jerusalem.
MPCC Working President Deborah Marak said that Khan's resignation has nothing to do with the Congress party and the entry and exit of the party is always in any party. “When I sent my resignation letter, I didn't say whether it would affect or not, but I have my own grounds, and I don't like such statements,” Khan said. He has been with the Congress party since 1989 and as a member of the party he held various positions like Treasurer, President East Khasi Hills after the death of Bah David Lyngwi and Vice President. President of the MPCC has resigned.
“You 31 MLAs from the jaidbynriew, if you don't dare to speak on this, it is better for you to step down from the MLA seat and let those who dare to speak take this place,” he added.
The improvement of training and factories has enabled the trade to produce more diverse products and successful business practices, while the youth in the state have benefited from the training and knowledge established. basis on different levels of stsrtup.
Ma Riquoma Rq.Laloo who is the son of Ma Sumer said that the recognition of the founders is a blessing to the present leaders and members.
However, at that moment, the 6-year-old child was suddenly seen lying outside the house where they were staying.
We are pleased that the ECI has done its duty by announcing these rules and regulations against candidates, political parties and election campaigners.
D. Langstang, EE-PWD, Jowai North as the chief guest in the presence of the Doloi of Shangpung Elaka, u President Seinraij Tuber, Mr. P. Toi and other elders from other villages of the Raij. Before the start of the Shad, a meeting was held where Moly Phawa, President Seinraij Sabah gave the keynote address. The Doloi of Shangpung District, B. Shylla and P. Toi were the President.
In Nongkrem Constituency, Lambor Malngiang, Congress MDC, did not appear while in Laitumkhrah, Antonio War, EM in charge of the KHADC budget, did not appear.
He said the government's decision to ban government employees from becoming Rangbah Shnong is inappropriate at a time when Rangbah Shnongs are still on strike to implement many issues.
The priest said these words, "O secret plague, I have thrown you into this river.
“How can you say that I am a CEM who doesn't work”.
According to the video that has been circulated on social media, some neighbors have been heard and seen who have gone to beg and advise the mother not to beat and shoot too much her little boy.
On this occasion, they discussed many issues related to Ri Bhoi and through this meeting, they also decided to strengthen the Circles and Zones in Ri Bhoi.
They don't listen to the voice of the people because they are elected by the people.
And this collection of poems in the Khasi language became the beginning of writing poetry in the Khasi language.
He said the letter stated that the allocation of seats should be done according to the examination conducted by the states.
However, now we see that many of them are stealing from the government in many ways.
Adelbert Nongrum also said that the Harijan Colony, Punjabi Colony or Sweepers should not be called the Mawlong Market.
Hundreds of residents of Rambrai constituency on Saturday expressed their willingness to join the Voice of the People Party (VPP) at a meeting held at Mount Calvary Parish, Rambrai.
On the one hand, we are sorry that the DSEL has sent this letter, and on the other hand, it should make us all vigilant about the actions of the government.
Maharashtra has reported 48,621 new cases in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 47,71,0
""Hello.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, has requested the ASHA workers to stop the strike and come to discuss the issue.
Pynioladmiki Ryngkhlem 9' and Dauni Suna 76' scored the second goal.
The cost of these buildings has been estimated at Rs 3 crore.
Shillong, June 03 : The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Monday said that he hopes that the party will win from Sohong in the elections to be held on the 10th of this month.
Furthermore, the police did not dare to do anything to these youths, who spoke insulting words.
Not only that, but I want to tell you a story, to remember, that in these 90s, the readers of the newspapers, loved the newspapers and can say, that they were the time of purity. The era of newspapers, because in these years, the lights go out, the machines break down and the newspaper, there are 9,10, 11 and even 12 o'clock in the market, but the readers are waiting. right, to get to read the newspaper.
John said that the HYC will lodge a complaint against these shops with the KHADC and will urge the employees of this office to complete their duties and not just sit there. stay in their offices without fulfilling their duties properly.
The campaign started on the 23rd and will end on the 29th.
“I have directed that in those zones, the power outage will be one hour in one place, one hour in another.
Forme Khongji, aged 12 years and 9 months, was the hero who rescued a woman named Agnes Pohktar who was carried away by the flood while she was washing her clothes. four women in the Umkrem River on the 17th of July,
The High Court has ordered that the MTC must pay the money within three months from the date of the order.
It is sad because she is also a widow and one daughter and they are also from a family that lives only on agriculture and even now they have to complete their work because it is the time to reap.
He said that for a long time they have been trying to get assistance to the school but it has not succeeded.
Mawlai is a village with a large number of commercial drivers, market dwellers from meat vendors, and other traders, day labourers, students and some of them work as Government employees.
In the West Khasi Hills, there are 6 people.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) has expressed its regret after finding and witnessing that the implementation of public toilets, which has been built specially by the state government in Ri Bhoi District, through The Swacch Bharat Mission together with the PHE Department and the Block Development Officer from the C&RD Block, are not adequate and cannot be used by the public. It has turned into a waste of public money.
This shrine is famous not only in the eastern part of India, but also in the world.
Shillong, Nailar 29: Former President of the Seng Khasi, Bah Banteilang Sing Rumnong, has retired from the government after taking the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) after he decided to contest the MLA elections. 2018 from Sohra constituency. He retired from the State Institute of Rural Development (SIRD) of the Government of Meghalaya in November this year.
The theme of the meeting will also be on the late President Dr APJ Abdul Kalam who passed away in the city and who was a symbol of religious intolerance and unity of the country.
Shillong, November 07 : Two men who were shot dead by Assam police on 22nd November at Mukroh, are now undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS Hospital and will soon be discharged, according to doctors.
We need a strong mass movement to restore the lost glory of the state.
The MLA cannot bring forward the promises as desired by the people of Sohra who have turned their backs on the constituency,” said Bah Harold.
Warjri said the state government is awaiting the report of the inquiry into the deaths of the 14 people.
Bindo said that all this requires the people who have the power to win or defeat.
“The Khasi villages under Mawhati Constituency have been included in the Baithalangso Assembly Constituency of Assam.
The target of vaccination is 93590 people including Health Care Workers, Frontline Workers and the public aged 18 years and above. 63892 people have already received the 1st dose and 30939 people have received the vaccine. the 2nd dose in the district.
Those picnickers who are preparing to sleep near the streams have been temporarily closed.
Why didn't they arrive? The question arose among them as a family.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Friday at the opening ceremony of the two-day International Seminar on 'Understanding Water Crisis: The Way Forward' organized by the Synod College, Shillong.
With the aim of preparing the Khasi people to live and rule in the midst of the changes to come and to prepare for self-government, the Khasi National Dorbar was established at its first meetings. from 4 to 6 September 1923, in the meeting room at the home of Rev JJM Nichols-Roy at Goalapaty, Shillong.
The victory of Bah Synshar Lyngdoh according to social media is due to the ability of Bah Amazing Kurbah to respond to the statements of the NPP leaders because the people like to listen to his speeches in the Youtube until the day of voting.
Winnerson, a close associate of Dr Mukul Sangma and a former Congress MLA, joined the Trinamool Congress in 2021 under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma. 10 Congress MLAs were elected at that time.
“As a person who has seen many problems in the past in relation to the college, I am now one of the happiest to see the progress of this college and this is through the cooperation of many from the teachers, staff, the leaders and the people,” said Bah Rymbui.
The deadline for submission of nominations is until 22nd June at the office in Baniun from 1 pm to 4 pm.
What did Jesus mean by this? Jesus said that Israel is like that fig tree that sprouts before the rain.
He said that they will now have to monitor the situation of Covid-19 in the state and the final decision on whether they have been conducted or not will be taken at a meeting to be held at on the 30th.
“I have brought this motion because there has been a problem even in Meghalaya due to the unrest in Manipur.
This Commission should not be a place of refuge and perks for retired politicians or any party workers as is done in other types of Commissions/Corporations/Committees.
The leaders of the group include Bah Angeles Sun and Pynsuklang Sumer.
Speaking to media, Charles said that according to the SP of Hamren West Karbi Anglong Assam, the CRPF camp was set up in Umlaper village. The CRPF Police have been deployed in Umlaper village in Block II Ribhoi district to ensure peace and order on the 15th of July, as it is the Independence Day of India. .
In fact, it is better and more honorable to leave than to be driven away like miaw ki ksew.
Amit Shah said that since 2014, Narendra Modi has worked hard to bring about improvements in the meetings of the DGPs. trouble.
The Government of India has issued an order and directed the State Government to investigate whether there is any threat to these judges in these days.
On Monday, 70 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 2 people died, bringing the death toll to 1487 in the state.
His plow has been used since the time of Adam.
On this occasion, the Dolloi of Jowai District also launched the Niamtre Court for the second time.
Through this information, NEIGHRIMS, has now clarified that an elderly man, who is admitted to the hospital, has not tested positive for Coronavirus, as it appeared on social media in the past few days.
In order to receive this income, those who wish to do so must answer four questions and these are why they do not want to work and how long they want to live without working.
He said that although some leaders question the NPP in its implementation, they do not know that the NPP stands for the unity of the minorities not only in Meghalaya or North East but in the country as a whole.
“At the same time, he urged the leaders to ensure that the assistance should be given first to those in need.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of KSU Mawlai Circle, Samla Biangbor Paliar, said that the KSU Mawlai Nonglum Women's Association (KSU) has done a great job since 34 years ago. The Creche with the good intention of assisting the women who need assistance especially when they go to their workplaces and duties.
“Sin fell suddenly upon Jesus because of your sins and mine,” said Pastor Cunville.
She also demanded punishment for the destruction of the environment and the lack of adequate drinking water supply for the people of the area.
On this occasion, BJYM conducted a training for the youth and residents of Amlarem area at Emanuel Pohshna Hall Amlarem where Samla Egenstar Kurkalang was the chief guest. Pariat State Secretary BJP Meghalaya and others.
Speaking to media regarding the involvement of a child under the age of 18 in planting the bomb, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that the involvement of children under the age of 18 in the attack. It is not because of unemployment but because of the stieng and the inability to teach and raise children from home because everything starts from home.
He wants to be an agent and not to sell the country. If he wins again, Ri Khasi will have only 10,000 sqkm.
The villages who came to take part in the phing phlang were according to the day which was followed and arranged. On the 1st of March which is the day of Rynghep, a group of Umphrup, followed by the group of Umiew, Maw, Saw and Umtngew on the 3rd of Pamtiah. On the 6th Lyngka, Mawlali, Thynroit and Mawkatheiñ, Nongkrem Market Day and on the 7th, Thadan and Laitkseh.
On the other hand, the leaders of these three organizations have strongly condemned the incident of bloodthirsty people taking the life of a 10 year old child who is still in class II. They should take action to investigate and arrest the bloodthirsty people, who have no human soul until they took the life of the child and to bring justice to the family of this child so that that such things should not happen again.
They acknowledged that the Council Service Rule 1981, Rule 9, also stipulates that the EC can create permanent or temporary posts within the budget estimate of the council.
Then there is the house of Saiphan Shangdiar and his wife, Ri Moit Nongsiej and their children Kerimai, Krimson and Stian Nongsiej.
The problem here is that this place does not have a proper cleaning area but it has been cleaned with stones just to be clean.
Finance Minister Pranajit Singha Roy will present the budget for the year on the opening day of the dorbar, he said.
In a survey conducted in 2006 by the Evaluation Department of Nagaland, 13,380 shops were surveyed in three districts of Dimapur, Mokuchung and Kohima.
These children's homes include NEIMA Orphanage, Sahsniang, KJP Eastern Synod Children's Home, Wahiajer and World Mission Children's Home at Moodop, Nartiang.
The protesters, on learning of this, stormed the Pandal and damaged the stage, chairs, tables and other items. to hold the event on Friday.
Now the writings of the Word of God have been fulfilled and continue to be fulfilled, says God- “My word that goeth forth out of my mouth shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please; to whom I have sent thee" Isaiah 54:4
Now let us read the story of this story.
Shillong: The Bishop's House, New Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills has refused to recognize the “Consecration of Lyngdoh” in Langniuh, Eastern West Khasi Hills. the Bishop of the Catholic Church.
Roshan Warjri, Minister of State for Home Affairs, has recalled the contribution of Bah Tariang to the state, and expressed his condolences to the family members of Bah Tariang. it is a great loss.
Furthermore, the export of sohniamtra to the Middle East has encouraged farmers to cultivate more sohniamtra.
According to the documents received, the A+ Category receives the following salary: Honorarium 20 thousand per month, 250 liters of petrol per month, 4 liters of mobile phone per month, car rental fee 15 thousand per month, TA/DA 20 thousand per month, 20 thousand per month for electricity, 5 thousand per month for electricity, 8500 per month for food.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District has imposed a curfew from 6 pm on 3rd October 2020 until further notice in Iewduh, Motphran and Police Bazaar. and in the Marketplace.
After the second half, Khliehmawlieh continued to fight hard and scored another goal through Istarbon Marngar (69').
Of these, 12 died on the spot while 5 died at the Civil Hospital, Nongstoiñ. 9 of them were males and 8 were females. Two of them were young girls, 2 were children and 2 were mothers.
East Khasi Hills has 12 new cases, West Garo Hills 36 and Ribhoi
On the 24th of July, the body of Bah Marbaniang was found bleeding from a gunshot wound to the head 10 days after he seized 32 trucks carrying illegal coal to Assam. Initially, the police admitted that it was a murder but the police department's statement has led to condemnation from many on the death of the police chief.
In the women's category, the Under 17 girls football team of ïewrynghep Sec.School once again continued its journey to the final of the tournament. Subroto Mukherjee Cup 2023 came after beating the girls of Tyrsad Higher Sec School in the semi final match held at MFA Turf, Polo today.
Shillong, July 17: To protect the species of wildlife, birds, meat and mammals, the elders of Tyrso area including 16 villages have set up the Them Umiam Wildlife Protection Society (TUWPS). meeting on the 17th of this month.
“We have reached a high level now and in the last five years under the NDA government there has not been a single case of corruption,” he said.
Meanwhile, Mr. Etan's wife and two daughters escaped because they were sleeping in their own room.
The meeting was attended by Chief Engineer (NH) PWD (Roads), Shillong GK Marak, Executive Engineer of PWD Roads Shillong Bypass Division Bah S Lytep and village leaders.
Ri Bhoi Police today recovered a child who was kidnapped from Umling village in Nagaon District of Assam.
Archie Thubru 10.
Ankit Yadav took 5 wickets for 7.3 overs while Mani Bhusan Thakur took 9 overs for 43 runs and scored 3 wickets. wicket.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Wanseng Jyrwa who announced the work of the MLA which he has done for Nongkwar in terms of development works.
In the case of cigarettes we see clearly that it is written and warned that smoking cigarettes is injurious to health.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has decided to intensify its protest on Saturday after the government ignored the demands of various drivers' unions to increase the price of petrol and diesel in the state.
Speakers on the occasion included MEPA President RM Shabong, Mawphor Editor Deimaia Siangshai, Peitngor Editor SS Syiem; Highland Post Editor John Thabah, MM Thaiang Editor and Starfing Pdahkasiej Editor SP News Agency.
“My goal is that no citizens will have to stand in line to get services through the government.
Explaining on the appointment of many casual jobs, the CEM said that the Council cannot refuse to appoint three or four persons urgently in the Building Bylaws Department and also in the Land Department due to the demand for jobs.
Pata – Ml: 05 S 0991 scootyKyntonmassar :- Ml: 05 Y 3550, Ml: 05 M 6114 (gusto) bad Ml: 05 S 6476 (Ray z).
We are not afraid or ashamed of this behavior of foreigners,” said Bah Marbud.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who laid the foundation stone of the Ram Temple in Ayodhya on 5th July 2020, was accompanied by Das on the foundation stone laying ceremony in the presence of Yogi. Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has commemorated the 33rd birth anniversary of the party on 14th July
You can also apply soy sauce to the skin and it can reduce the risk of fatigue and inflammation.
It is not known whether the district authorities will demolish the house or allow it to be repaired because the houses nearby do not have the houses. happiness.
Pynshngain said he was not against the Congress party but against the working methods of the government.
According to media reports, about seven contract employees of the transport department in South Garo Hills have not received their salaries for two years and one employee has died with the money still. there are about 20 months left that he should have.
James Anderson Kharlyngdoh (50m butterfly)2.
Many curricula are no longer relevant to this fast-paced era where students receive a lot of information through the internet.
The Junior Red Cross Modern Secondary School Ïalong has performed songs and performances on how to provide First Aid to others in case of unexpected incidents. injured blood of others.
The preachers of the Gospel these days are busy preaching to the people just to bring them to the church, they are afraid to talk about sin.
Many speakers on this occasion and all those who spoke praised the unity of the people of Mutong which is an example to other neighboring villages.
Sumer Nongrum scored 7' and Shining Star Myrmen 15' for Ratacherra.
Teibor said that after being elected as MDC he thought what was best for him to do for the people of Mawlai.
In the second half, Khimusniang beat Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu 4-1
We should not be angry with them because they provide for us.
The film stars Mervin Jude Mukhim and is produced by Pomu Das and Marjina Kurbah.
The CEM has promised to allocate Rs 15 lakh from the scheme so that the students can use the classrooms fully. .
In a letter to the Controller, Snaitang said that the order that schools should collect questions only 2 hours before the start of the examination can only apply to schools in Shillong or Tura. but it is very difficult for schools in rural areas.
He was also welcomed by many Samla and Bhalang organizations on the day of his return from Delhi.
According to the special allocation for women, Meghalaya, which has 60 MLAs, will have up to 19 constituencies, which will go only to women.
“If we build a dewbilat bridge instead of the jri bridge, no one will visit that bridge, but the presence of this jri bridge has attracted many tourists. not only from the state and the country but also from abroad, therefore, it is our duty to protect and improve them,” said Bah Metbah.
On the other hand, James Sangma said that this is a matter that needs to be looked into and he will inform the electricity department to conduct an investigation.
The State Resource Center on Disability Affairs, Bah Dylan Syiem, said that this is the first time that this program has been held for people with disabilities in the form of a festival.
In the process of progress, young people may encounter obstacles that may prevent them from reaping the fruits of victory.
In the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup, Babysunday Marngar scored five goals in the 25th, 31st and 31st minutes of the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. 42, 46, and 49, Wadajied Kynsai Ryngkhlem in the 4th minute, Pynche Tyngkan in the 16th minute, Atlanson Kharmaw in the 70th minute and Ioanis Suchen in the 70th minute. Hardy Cliff Nongbri scored the third goal in the 77th minute.
In the past 24 hours, there have been no new cases, no recoveries and no deaths.
In his speech, Lahkmen Rymbui praised the contribution of those fighters for the independence of the state.
The Association has also written to the District Authorities to request permission to resume their activities by reopening their shops.
In 2018, Dr. Lyngdoh, as a Congress MLA (at that time), left the Legislative Assembly as a sign of protest against the former Governor, Ganga Prasad. 'Hindi' in the House instead of English.
In the following days, the sarin which are the rituals to be performed by the religious leaders of the Raij including the Dih Soopen at Langdoh's house on the 29th and the Kñia Thoh Langdoh one of the rituals to offer sacrifices and thanksgiving. Blai Lyngdoh which will be completed on the following day of the 30th of October.
The Aifindz Website will assist the public as well as shopkeepers during these times of pandemic as well as in the future, and the public is encouraged to take advantage of this opportunity which can help them better.
In fact, according to the custom, the Governor of the state should take an important role on this day especially when he is the full Governor of the state.
Even, during his tenure as Rangbah Shnong, we met several times.
The shooting of Ranveer Singh, in the past few days, has sparked various allegations and a complaint has been lodged against him. accusation, that he raped women.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Monday said that the state government will select the best company to operate the 108 in the state.
Rison Malngiang of Iawphniaw FC was named Man of the Match.
The Indian Olympic Association (IOA) has announced that it is ready to distribute medical insurance to current and former athletes as well; who have been able to bring fame and glory to the whole country from the Olympic Games.
The smugglers bought these bottles from Maharashtra and brought them to Gujarat and cleaned them with glucose and flour and sold them around the market.
On the other hand, the West Jaintia Hills men's teams started on the 8th and the women's teams on the 9th.
Besides Laloo and War, other members include Ampareen Lyngdoh, Pynshngainlang Syiem, Paul Lyngdoh and Witting Mawsor.
Meanwhile, Marsanki Tariang and Shidor Dkhar were killed in the incident.
Those are the futures everyone wants.
The union said that the four members had held a meeting tomorrow without the knowledge of the president of the union, Banalari Khongwar.
If we look at history, those Allied Nations who went to help liberate Germany from the Nazis, at first glance, feel like that help came from God (if we draw according to Swinburne's view), especially to the Jews.
Police said that Madanriting, Mawlai, Mawiong, Jaiaw, Polo and Nongmynsong are the areas where drug trafficking has been rampant.
Under the AFSPA, the army is free to attack only with the intention of killing people, said Pastor Basiawmoit, leader of the North East Dialogue Forum (NEDF).
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 23 cases including 21 High Risk Contacts and 2 Armed Forces.
“We know that our Chief Minister has worked hard for the development of the state, to say that it has been run by anyone is childish and unfounded,” he said. , he said.
It is too easy to read, but it is not lyndet, because of the language itself.
These jain kup syaid were distributed during the visit of Kyrmen who is also a Minister of State to Bataw.
Shillong: The St. Paul's Seminary, which is a school for children who have the desire to become priests, religious and leaders, today opened its Diamond Jubilee celebration with a ceremony. (Mass) was attended by the Archbishop of Shillong, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh.
Besides, Marme M Sangma (3/17), Dianchidora N Sangma (2/13) and Srijana Chetry (1/4) won.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Dundi C Khongsit after the confirmation ceremony, expressed his satisfaction that the spirit of patriotism among the youth is still strong as the days go by. The members are being vigilant against the illegal entry of mynder especially at the border and it is a great pleasure to see that these youths for the first time He also urged the new office bearers to be responsible soldiers for the sake of the nation, and especially to be examples to the youth to show to the world that they are soldiers. Their responsibility is to look after the welfare of the community.
According to the statistics released by the department, out of the 34,035 students who dropped out part-time, most of them were from the Central University with 17,454 students. including Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT) with 8,139 students, National Institutes of Technology (NIT) with 5,623 students, Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research with 1,046 students, Indian Institutes of Management with 858 students, and Indian Institutes of Information Technology (IIIT) with 803 students and 112 students from Schools of Planning and Architecture (SPAs).
To reach Nongkhnum from Nongstoin, you have to drive through a small road called Phod Byrtud and lastly called Phod Kynthei.
Another practice that is now practiced on farms across India and other countries of the world is to treat the cow's milk when it leaves the cow pen.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting today decided to increase the tax on liquor from 40% to 37.5% while the transportation fee from 25% has been increased to T .2 tyngka as before.
Finally, to conclude this article, as the basis of this Behdeinkhlam festival through the sacrifices of ainguh aidem to the Creator, to the villages and kingdoms, to the ryngkew and basa to drive away the tyrud ka smer. , the growth, the disease, from the villages of the Raij who come to lynshop and tyllop the country and the nation in various ways and also the Lord the Creator will pour out, these blessings inside the Raij village, country and nation where the children of the people will enjoy health, development and prosperity in all aspects.
right!!!!.
In my experience as one of the researchers of trees, flowers, herbal medicines, I have not been able to find out the origin of this tree. , and now I invite the researchers especially the forest department of the state government to find out where it came from, but in my opinion this Tyrkhum tree is not there. in these Khasi hills because the sky is shaped by these trees.
During the meeting with the journalists, the faces of the family members of the child were seen in shock and disbelief over the death of their son and sister-in-law. He also expressed his surprise at the death of the child who was informed to the family members at 7 pm and was buried at 4 pm on the same day, the day the family members were informed. .
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle has organized a Free Medical Camp on the 2nd November, 2023 at Kynjat Phutbol from 10 am to 3 pm.
There are many things that we can criticize about the shortcomings of our government.
The number of cases of coronavirus in the United States has risen to 7 lakh and the death toll to 42,0 1,433 people.
The Bible plainly states that if those who bear God's name humble themselves and pray and turn from their bad ways, God says that he will hear from heaven and heal them. in their land (2 Chronicles 7:14).
She also suggested to the government that when the government decides to resolve the boundary, it should follow the Instrument of Accession, follow the decision of the first government in 1970-1971 and so on. The Assam Reorganization Act was rejected on the grounds that we need to go into the border to inspect the ethnic groups.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The number of dairy cows in the state is still very low compared to other states of India where it cannot supply milk to the needs of the people.
The FKJGP urges the DC to direct the relevant authorities of the Forest and Environment Department and MeECL to expedite the felling of trees and relocation of electricity posts during this period. the road of the fourth project or so that the work can start in areas where there is no need for conflict.
Furthermore, all shops have been ordered to close, to suspend the construction of houses, roads and banks and offices within the containment zone should not open without permission from the office. Sub Divisional Magistrate, Mairang.
He also demanded that the request of Salmanpara MLA Winnerson D Sangma to be given Purakhasia Block which now falls under Dalu Block should be considered.
People who have good thoughts reap good fruit but those who have unclean and evil thoughts experience the fruit of unhappy. life).
It was supported and funded by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government.
The three drug traffickers include Bankerlang L Paliar, Bitdor Byrsat and Albinus Mawlieh.
Bah Ban said that the participation of the people in any activities is very important because it strengthens and develops any area and also that it is also an inspiration to others.
The smuggling of cows has also created a threat to those who walk and stand on the Nongnah Road, as there are many Assam vehicles carrying cows through this road. There are people along the road who drive their vehicles and steal without hesitation even to hit people and it is clearly recognized that these vehicles are more valuable to the vehicle than to the human soul.
Jowai: The Superintending Engineer (PHE), Rural Circle Shillong today launched a book titled “PHASES” written by Rupda RY Lato at a function held at Panaliar. Jowai.
Therefore, the Khasi National Dorbar can also look at this issue.
In North Garo Hills, 1 in West Jaintia Hills and 1 in East Jaintia Hills.
That is why the Word of God says – “Little children, it is the last hour; and as ye have heard that antichrist shall come, even now are there many antichrists;
Speaking earlier, Thomas A Sangma said that the development of Tura has progressed through the hard work of the Government and the people who have given their right hand and left hand to achieve the goal of Tura. the Government.
They immediately went to Kyrdemkulai village to visit and inspect the family of Thaneh Warjri and when they found out the truth, they immediately prepared relief measures.
It may be recalled that during the tenure of CEM of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit during the rule of the ARPA in KHADC, the UDP had opposed Bah Ardent on the grounds that he was ruling by force. Titos, what is your opinion when Bah Ardent has been strongly opposed only for the allegation of violence while the incumbent CEM Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem has been accused of corruption and corruption? “At the time of Bah Ardent, it was the decision of all the MDCs,” he said.
He said that as a state we should have a friendly attitude towards our fellow citizens even if they are from another ethnic group because this is the only way that will lead to the development of the state.
“Senior BJP leaders in New Delhi have directed the Governor to implement and follow the laws, not to obey what is not enough,” a newspaper close to the BJP said. In fact, the state government had already decided earlier to appoint an administrator in KHADC but the Governor has refused and directed the government to reconsider this decision.
However, until now, no signs have been shown that anything has been done to the hospital, but it has been left as it has been for more than 10 years.
Many tournaments have been held at the stadium from children to senior level including Hero Under-18 I-League, I-League (qualifier), National Sub-Junior. Boys Tournament, Meghalaya State League, Shillong Premier League, 2nd North East Olympic, Reliance Foundation Youth Sports Tournament, as well as competitions of various clubs.
Police told a source that the police and the STF team, which conducted the operation for the arrest of him were involved in the murder case of Umesh Pal, in which It is learned that there were several robbers who were hiding in the Kaundhiyara area.
Young people who are looking for jobs have no opportunity, the poor are being exploited and their rights are being violated,” said Bah Egenstar.
Shillong, July 06 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the State Government will have to spend another T.300 crore to purchase electricity if the rainfall continues in these areas. the next 100 days.
In addition, there is no cooperation between contractors, engineers, designers and project management consultants (PMCs).
Bah Shylla, will leave in a few months as CEM of KHADC and will surely receive the love of the members of the CCIB or the land owners, but this will remain only a dream. tell each other stories for the next few months, while the truth is, it won’t cover an inch of space.
He urged the public to inform the office immediately if there is any incident of damage so that the office can investigate in time and if it takes too long they cannot investigate. .
It is not only the destruction of nature, but also the destruction of mankind.
“We don't want to have any problems with the buyers because without the buyers we farmers can't survive.
Don't speak evil or accuse others of being selfish, 'When you speak and do to others, When only others will go, The answer will also change, If you Science also confirms this and it is written, 'In every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.
This was achieved following the filing of a PIL by Bah Khroolamsalanki Pariat against the State of Meghalaya in the High Court of Meghalaya.
During the investigation, it was found that the smuggled gold was hidden inside the vehicle.
He said that although the government will take a decision to suspend the odd and even driving of commercial vehicles in the state after the review meeting to be held soon, the transportation of people should be to be strict according to the SOPs of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
He said that after the sudden death of Dr. Donkupar Roy, the NPP leaders have said that they will not contest but in politics you should never feel friendly. than.
f) Not allowed to leave the Containment Zone.
Therefore, no one can be blamed, because it is the will of the people.
Kong R.Dkhar, teacher, Thomas Jones Synod College, in her opening remarks, said that the purpose of this meeting was to enlighten the villagers to use the same tools and resources. they lack knowledge about saving money to spend, borrowing money and how to use money besides using it for any purpose.
He said that he has directed the Commissioner to ensure that a notice is issued immediately that a certain percentage of specialist doctors have been allocated for promotion after a vacancy.
“We expect him to score again.
God has done these things, he has created these things in this world.
It is through the famous researcher who has been defeated, Dr.Sailo.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate, Mairang Civil Sub Division on Thursday issued an order and announced that Pyndengumiong village has been declared a containment zone after 18 residents of the village tested positive for the virus.
It has become exactly like that disease which we need to treat immediately so that it does not spread throughout the Khasi Hills which is full of milk and honey.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah G Kharmawphlang (IAS), Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Shaei masha longer than the stieh protection.
The HNYF urges the state government to demand from the Indian government to implement the Inner Line Permit (as approved by all 70 MLAs in the Assembly) in the state. Protect us the paid Hynniewtrep from the invasion of the mynder ri.
The Dorbar Shnong Pamrapaithlu, has warned against those who take advantage of government offices, media, civil society or private individuals to defame the village. If this happens, the Dorbar Shnong shall take action against them according to the authority of the law.
If we all don't have good water to drink, many diseases can spread quickly.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The SF-10 Police Examination on Saturday gathered again at a meeting held at Student Square, Jaiaw.
They didn't know that it was dangerous for women to throw raieh raidam around the environment because there are natural forces that cannot affect or damage the snap of the longkmie in the womb. you are a long-lived person.
HDR said there are 68 employees at Meghalaya House in Kolkata and seven more have been appointed on contract basis.
A special song was also performed by the District Mental Health Program Team entitled “Ong em ia u Drok” composed by Bah Batskhem Lyngdoh, Ward Assistant of the District Mental Health Program (DMHP).
Those who attended the function included Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang, Bah Victor Rani MDC Jirang, Bah M Tongper ADC Ri Bhoi, Dr.P Kharnary DMHO Ri Bhoi District and other senior officials. Department of Health.
Misconceptions about the ILP: A. The claim that the ILP will affect the tourism industry is completely wrong.
He said that God has raised the VPP at the right time to unite the nation and to eradicate corruption and to eradicate the tyranny of the rulers and to bring back to the the people who are the source of power.
The JSU also demanded the inclusion of 36 Khasi Pnar villages in Block I in the areas outside Meghalaya.
“The residents have asked me to return to politics and have also urged me to gather my family members to unite because they love our family. that we may be rulers," he said.
Currently, the app is helping the Government of Meghalaya to implement this important project, MOTHER.
The incident was reported to the police, who rescued him from the village forest.
“Initially, we sold only 20 liters per day to the Veterinary Department at the price of 4 tyngka per litre.
Even if the government provides assistance, it is not appropriate because many farmers at the time of receiving the assistance do not agree with the affected or damaged by the forces of nature.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Sohra Circle on Tuesday confirmed its candidacy for the election to the Sohra Constituency, Bah Titossterwell Chyne. He is the MDC of Sohra and the CEM of KHADC to contest the upcoming elections.
In a letter to Modi, Pala, who is also the Secretary General of the North East MP Forum (NEMPF), said that the 6th road especially in Sonapur is a place where heavy landslides occur during the rainy season. , which disrupts traffic in the area between Meghalaya, Assam and other North Eastern States.
She died the same day at 8.25 pm.
The director of CBM said that the concert was also to raise awareness among the public and to educate the people that those with disabilities are the same and can do something.
The ceremony was held at the Hall of the school, where Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla was the chief guest, in the presence of the Chief Guest A.Syiem DSEO-WJHD, DSO K. .Passah, WJDSA office bearers, teachers and students.
Because when I'm at home I don't watch TV, I don't play mobile, I don't clean the house and so on.
Shano Tariang scored the first goal for Kith United.
Bah S Mawlong, from Upper Lumparing Church, said that the land they received is about 15 to 16,000 sq feet and is near Mawroh Dispensary. 2010.
At the same time, the Prime Minister urged these illegal organizations to come forward to live like human beings and stop their criminal activities.
According to the state coordinator, many of the youths who have worked in various companies are happy and have no problems and this has been confirmed because when they come to Shillong some of them come to the office.
Therefore, the Seng Kutsnem stands as the great day and the special day of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people.
The UCC Bill is currently pending in the Rajya Sabha and on 9th November 2023, a BJP MP has introduced the Private Member's Bill. The law was passed despite the opposition of many MPs.
It is to be recalled that Bah GK Ìangrai was arrested on 2nd November 2022 by the CID on charges of misuse of funds allocated for the construction of NERS and PSAP at Sardar police station in Shillong.
We also suggested that the police should work with NGOs, Sengbhalang and Dorbar Shnongs to curb the influx of drugs.
Lamiker Dkhar came second and Sanijaijai Khyriem came third.
Also present on the occasion were Sampat Kumar, IAS, Principal Secretary, Program Implementation and Evaluation Department, State Government and Ian Campbell, Olympian who represented Australia in the 1980 Olympics.
Sharma also strongly criticized Conrad Sangma's statement in recent days that the 45 years of rule by the Congress party have been the years of economic growth and income decline in the country. Sharma said that Meghalaya was shaped during the Congress era.
Perhaps religious people such as the priests and Levites thought that it was not for them to defile their hands or their flesh or their clothes and if they did so they would become unclean and the members of the churches or synagogues would condemn them. do not ask them.
In the Miss Teen category, Genelia Dkhar won the title of Miss Catwalk while Palei M Chyne won the title of Miss Talented.
“Do you think you don't have candidates?
At the same time, Bah O Binong Rangbah Shnong of Nongagang has expressed his deep sorrow and grief over the incident of a young woman from Nongagang who had lost her life for a while. The Rangbah Shnong has requested the government especially the police department to take action to conduct an investigation into the incident. part of the welfare of other students who go abroad to work and study.
Rida's mother, as she looked at her husband, who was humiliating himself and showing a sad face for what had happened, her soul was filled with pity.
Before the end of the first half, Fullmoon Mukhim (45'+1) scored the second goal for Mawlai. rain interruption in the first half.
The foundation stone of the Ram Mandir in Ayodhya will be laid by the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi in the presence of Chief Ministers of various states and Hindu leaders.
Khasi tyngshop Johny Stone and Kyntisha tyngshop took part in the song.
The elderly, youth, women and children of the village participated in this day as they set a goal to preserve the trees and the cleanliness of the village. and to bring about change in the environment by planting trees for the benefit not only of the present but also of the future generations.
Dr. Laloo also encouraged the students and teachers to explain to their relatives and the community so that they can get information on how to protect themselves from TB. to stress the need to work together so that the goal of eradicating TB from Meghalaya and the country by 2025 will be a success.
Obadiah kelphung – Gold 2.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) in Meghalaya will hold a sit in protest against the government of Meghalaya. ) against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) on the 3rd March 2019 from 11.00 am to 5.00 pm at the Mot Kiangnongbah (Barik) Shillong.
