Modi expressed the hope that this meeting will pave a new path for development and improve the lives of the citizens of the countries.
I have just heard that Hindi has been recognized in the U.N.O. If Hindi can be spoken in the U.N.O., then why should Hindi be spoken in the Meghalaya Assembly, because Meghalaya is a state. in India.
Also present on the occasion were Pastor BI Kharir, President of the Managing Committee, Rev.BG Mylliem Umlong, Pastor I/C, Elders, Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Mawklot, teachers and students.
Speaking at the meeting, it was learned that the states which have suitable land for power plants include Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh and Tripura.
Sub-Inspector Statistics Wapung C&RD Block, urged the students to be disciplined in their lives and to know how to manage their time so that they can succeed in life.
At CHC Mairang there is only one specialist doctor and two general doctors.
The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyaya in a statement on Tuesday announced the ban on the use of plastic bags whose strength is not sufficient according to the directive. was issued by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB).
If symptoms persist for more than 5 days or vision impairment, severe eye pain, light intolerance or redness should be reported immediately. doctor.
He said that the implementation of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (Phase-III) and Tura Phase-I & II is in progress.
The police officer also threatened the mother of the child, the driver of the vehicle as well as the occupants of the vehicle with intimidating threats.
The schemes and projects under this Act in Madanriting Village will be implemented through the Mylliem Community and Rural Development (C&RD) Block.
There were only 14 members from the Opposition.
If so, why should Piet and hold only the Sengbhalang?
God will not listen to many words or many words, which mean that people will hear them praying.
John said he will speak to all the MDCs as soon as possible. Paul said the Trade Department is preparing draft guidelines for the Dorbar Shnongs on how to approve and he would soon call a meeting when they were ready.
It is said that it will be a history and a new record for the children of Garo Hills who have won since the beginning of the tournament (24th November 2023).
The map was obtained in 1968, which shows that Mukroh village falls under Jaintia Hills and not in Block 1, said the Waheh Shnong of Mukroh. from Assam.
After the incident, MLA Somlung Mossang immediately suspended his visit to inspect the damage to the temple and announced a relief of about Rs 50 lakh.
He said that their intention to join another party is to eat the more jyrngam lyngkha but they should understand that the people will have to judge them.
Superintendent of SWGH Vikash Kumar said, “After receiving information regarding the incident of kidnapping, assault, threats and rape of young girls at Chenga Benga Mela Police have registered a case and are conducting further investigation.
Leonard Wankhar, who passed the coaches course from the National Cricket Academy, encouraged the team by hoping that, with the talent of the women's team, the field of cricket will improve. encourage more youngsters to come forward and train in this sport.
Besides, parents in this world are so discouraged that they are overwhelmed by the cost of school fees and other expenses such as school uniforms, documents only for one or more children. children, the amount has reached 4 to 5 thousand rupees for the opening of schools, even for small classes.
MJ Syngkon Program Coordinator of KVK, Jowai said that Umjalasiaw village has been affected because the rainfall in this village is lower compared to other villages and there is a high water shortage during the rainy season.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the KSU Warmawsaw Unit, on Tuesday donated tins to the Church of Christ SSA LP School in Umsohbar.
Shillong: Lajong FC on Saturday beat Nongkrem FC in the Under-18 Shillong Premier League.
Badon Kupar Marbaniang had three chances but couldn't score.
E.Khardewsaw, the driver of the Wagon R, said that he did not think that the driver of the tourist taxi, he did not know that there was a speed breaker and he saw from the side glass that the tourist was driving. The taxi came near but he couldn't do anything else because it was from the same line.
He said the installation of these steels is expected to start in June and will be completed by June
“The NPP has worked hard in the North East to defend the causes of the people of the region as founded by PA Sangma.
Shillong: The Lyngdoh of Raid Mawlieh, Dr Firmly Lyngdoh, has handed over the Sanad to the new Sordar of Raid Mawja, Bah Honroy Khongsdir, to take over the post of Khadar Administrator and to run the Raid Dorbar. for the children of thousands of the Kingdom.
Officers of the Commissioner of Customs Preventive (CCP), Shillong, have arrested a vehicle from Guwahati on receipt of a tip that there is a smuggling of foreign gold biscuits across the India-Bangladesh border from Meghalaya through a vehicle from Guwahati. A Mahindra XUV 500 collided with a truck on 23rd November at Jhalupara, Shillong.
“Before entering the state, the department had taken a sample at Umling Testing Center for RTPCR test and the department did not follow up, but collected information. I'm not going to stay at Langkyrding Guest House.
The International Cricket Council (ICC) led by the Chief Executive Officer and CEO of the International Cricket Council (ICC) is currently in Lahore to seek and receive confirmation from the ICC. The PCB has said that the federation will not strive to improve the implementation of the hybrid model for Pakistan's ODI World Cup matches to be held in India this year.
If that becomes a law, we as a small nation and a nation that owns our own land, we will be attacked by that law (if it becomes a law) because big companies will come here. They forcibly mine wood, coal, ore, especially uranium from Ri Khasi.
The PIO of the Education Department was responding to a question by Rupang on the Ministry of Education, how much money it receives from the Border Area Department regarding the fees of border students. of the year 2013-1
The incident happened on July 25 when a police Gypsy with registration number ML-02-0603 was set on fire by unidentified persons.
Shillong will remain like this and the traffic jam will increase and the day will come when vehicles will stop on the roads, without moving anymore.
Similarly, nine Assembly constituencies and one Lok Sabha constituency have been allocated for Scheduled Castes.
He said the VPP will never accept this and will oppose any attempt to force the Hindi language in the state.
Regarding the misuse of the seal of the union by these three persons in collecting money from the factories, the HANM has lodged an Ejahar against them. Therefore, the Seng will not be responsible for anyone who misuses the name of the Seng, especially in connection with the demand for money.
Speaking to media, Lakmen said that the Home Police has not received any information about the start of peace talks between the HNLC and the Indian government. The report said that it has started since
Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) troops have been fighting the militants in parts of Baghouz, supported by US warplanes.
Lion SC beat NSA 4-0 in the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
The launch of the website was attended by Kyrmen Shylla, Michael Saioo, Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Rev. Fr. teachers and others.
Shillong, July 10: U Latiplang Kharkongor, MDC of KHNAM Nongthym, has resigned from the KHNAM constituency on Tuesday.
“This oxygen vehicle will be handed over to the Self Help Groups (SHGs) and Societies to operate them,” he said.
Jah IS THE ONLY ONE with Baieid.
Mexico goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa struggled to stop Germany from scoring, while Toni Kroos tried hard to shoot the ball into Mexico's side, but failed. I was able to enter the jar.
The training started on November 4 and ended on June
Shillong, June 01: The Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET) examination on Saturday demanded that the MDA-II Government should immediately appoint them after they passed the MTET examination. this examination has been held for almost two years.
Also present were Ampareen Lyngdoh (Minister), Isawanda Laloo (Director Sports & Youth Affairs), Methodius Dkhar (MLA Mawshynrut Constituency), Joh F. Kharshiing (President MSOA), parents and others. and others.
Shillong, July 25 : The National People's Party (NPP) has decided not to contest the 2023 MLA elections in the state. this time and will get to lead the administration herself.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Lumdaitkhla Bhoirymbong including the Rangbah Shnong, General Secretary, Reading Rymbai and Chairman S Lamare, said that the village has already purchased the land from the village council. They also received the assistance of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to dig a well in the area.
Prominent candidates include Congress leader Rahul Gandhi from Rae Bareli and Defense Minister Rajnath Singh from Lucknow.
“At the same time, he requested all the Khasi-Jaintia leaders to come to this place for the demand of the jaidbynriew.
Dr Donkupar recalled that PA Sangma was a patriot who left the Congress to oppose the proposal to make Sonia Gandhi, a non-Indian, Prime Minister.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has taken this issue seriously as a priority of the MDA 1 government.
The Business Advisory Committee of the Meghalaya Assembly on Friday held a meeting with the Chairman of the Committee, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong. Commissioner Secretary Andrew Simons has already arranged the work and dates of the meeting.
Speech was also delivered by the PDF candidate, Bah Judah Wahlang, Sohiong candidate. The PDF candidate said many things that can really build the society from the beginning. NGT's coal mining, the ban on quarrying and shyiap mining by the same powerful government department which is equal to the Supreme Court.
Let me ask you this:- What is the thing that happened in 2006 and where did it come from?  Don't be sorry for me, I tell you that that is the Bible of Satan.
The mountains are dried up, the rivers are dried up, the fields are no longer, the trees of the field are destroyed.
That is the right time to point out the mistakes and also to demand that the State Reservation Policy should be reviewed once again as it is before proposing the implementation of the Roster System which is against all the state Reservation Policy. method of operation.
However, it is necessary to consider carefully which brings more benefits than disadvantages.
Police arrived at the scene and found that a group of people were inside the house and had a fight.
I would like to congratulate our leaders in the District Council who have been able to introduce this patriotic song in the Iing Dorbar of KHADC. Khasi Ri Khasi' to 'Ri Hynniewtrep Ri Hynniewtrep' without doubt I believe this song will be included in JHADC.
“You look at the education system, you look at the health and health facilities, you look at the farmers, there is no policy to improve them, you look at that. Tourism which the governments have covered but has been left lyngkrang, the unemployment of the youth is very hopeless, we as the party want the people to put these issues in the spotlight and thoughts before they vote and that the people should also vote with wisdom and a vision for the future of the state," he said.
*Could this be a sign of good things to come in this beloved country of ours, to see good and righteous humanity once again?.
The Lad Sahep in Laitkor, gets its name from one of the Thma Bah Sahep, who stayed here after the end of the war and had children and died in Laitkor, just to give an explanation.
Nongstoiñ, November 22: In preparation for the upcoming elections, the Hill State People's Democratic Party (PPP) Mawshynrut Constituency has prepared quickly by holding meetings in the villages and appointing candidates. offices from various parts of the Constituency.
Shillong: Members of the MPSO Ri Bhoi District together with the residents of Maikhuli, including the Executive Members led by the Headman Shri Kleden Sangma, have sent a letter to the Maikhuli District Council. Meghalaya Chief Minister Shri Conrad K Sangma on the issue of their opposition to the handover of the fish pond at Maikhuli village to Assam.
Abhilash Baranwal, IAS, gave a special greeting to the teachers on this day and said that the job of teachers is not like other jobs, because the job of It takes time to get the signs of teaching, not like the jobs of engineers and doctors, because when an engineer does the job, the jobs of “If a doctor treats the sick, he can get the signs of the work of doctors while the work of teachers will appear gradually in the future,” he urged the students. they should understand the hard work and dedication of teachers.
Celestis says that placing the depth on the moon is a tribute to the deceased soul, which is always east to the stars and the moon.
The number of new cases in China has risen to 212 and the number of cases has decreased significantly in recent days, with only seven cases outside Hubei. people until now.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the new office, Thombor expressed his concern over the increasing protests by the employees of JHADC over the lack of salary, and suspected that it was a political move by someone. through them for the benefit of no re of no.
Perhaps this time suits them best.
On the other hand, the retired soldiers from Mnaipur should register in their state so that they can receive the benefits that are given from time to time in their own state,” he said. he said.
Why did God create us or why did he create us with a plan?
He said the target is to complete the work within six months.
Amlarem Civil Subdivision Magistrate Jonathan Shylla visited the area to talk to the civil society groups and village leaders.
He said that in his journey, he has found many people's leaders, who are in their own right, but on the whole, they don't have that humility and want to Smriti Zubin Irani's relationship with the people.
According to friends, he was coming to the office this morning but when he got home he fell ill and his family members treated him, but after he got worse he was taken to hospital.
Shillong: A motorcycle has been set on fire at Kyrbom, Lower Mawprem at 1:15 pm this morning.
When the people come to meet you, it is enough to warn and advise them, that is not enough but you need to help and guide them,” said Rakkam.
It is only then that our Merry Christmas greeting becomes the blood that God became man in Jesus Christ.
One of the composers of Khasi songs, singer, musician and manufacturer of Khasi musical instruments who has become famous not only in the district but also in the state is Bah Anno Dominik. Lyngkhoi is from Mawlangdep village, about 8 kilometers north of Nongstoin.
This is the fourth time that the BCCI has held a tournament in Shillong, including the U-19 Cooch Behar Trophy once and the Ranji Trophy three times.
It is learned that the incident happened on the night of the 28th at 9 pm, which was also the time when the Chowkidar was on his way to work, when the robbers robbed him. They went to damage one of the rooms by throwing stones at the rooms and in this incident, they damaged the Accounting office.
Adelbert was tried from 10:30 pm to 9 pm and was inside the courtroom for about 11 hours. already they took him away in a police Gypsy into the jail.
Potatoes -3 kg for 13 customers.
We the village leaders on the 5th of June we also met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Bah Prestone Tyngsong where he promised that in October we will get a good road but until today we have not seen any sign. to repair this road.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The 10-member Election Committee of the MPCC will meet on Monday to examine the nomination papers of the Lok Sabha candidates from Shillong and Tura constituencies.
Because I don't think Conrad Sangma will allow Prestone because Conrad has already shed her blood.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Meghalaya Bank Employees Association (MBEA) will hold its first conference on the 25th of this month at the Conference Hall of the Apex Bank. GS Road at 2:30 pm.
“I too have been suspended because I have been misled by my fellow dolloi,” he said.
Phewse from the curt for tuh Syiar to you.
The poorest committee has selected eight people who are considered to be the poorest after the committee has identified them and identified these households.
The meeting of the Sengbhalang held today decided to seek clarification from the government on the two committees set up by the government to study the proposals of the Sengbhalang on preventing the entry of foreigners. outsider.
On 15th June 2023, four political parties (HNYF, KSU, FKGJP and Maitshaphrang) held a meeting with several Kur leaders to discuss the need to amend the Meghalaya Succession to Self Act. The Acquired Property Act 1986 and these matters were discussed.
She got into the sport while studying at Adimjati School, Imphal where she found a women's sports center in the city.
He said there are 23 names of basic commodities such as rice, oil, flour, sugar and others.
Therefore, these world leaders and various institutions in power to govern and manage the world situation, have strongly warned that the conflict between Iran and Israel at this time it could lead to war all over the world and this would be the Third World War as it is commonly known.
The Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang, said that the Government is working to get a waste disposal site outside and farther away from Shillong.
There are two candidates for the post of Waheh Chnong, former Waheh Chnong Ma Daniel Khongsit and Ma Wespar Lamin.
When trying to talk to some of the patients, they expressed their feelings of neglect due to the lack of doctors and staff at this health center especially for those who come from poor families. income due to lack of alternatives to private health care.
On November 9, 2022, the Hon'ble President of India announced the launch of the PMTBMBA throughout India. Under this programme, the donors are called Nikshay-Mitras.
In the 2019 MDC election, a riot broke out in Mowkaïaw village after the victory of the UDP candidate in which NPP supporters damaged houses in the village.
Others are Right N Sangma of NCP, Medhinson C Momin and Derice M Sangma of independent MDCs.
Arlangky Nongsiej scored the only goal of the match from a penalty kick in the 31st minute.
Mairang, Nailur 27: The Pastors team of KJP Synod Sepngi of Mairang Zone, beat the football team of Government Officers by a tie breaker in the first match played at Dommalum Stadium. Pyndemumïong, Mairang, This is a game organized by the Pastors' Association of the KJP Western Synod in an attempt to raise funds for the 100th Anniversary of Dr. H. Gordon Robert Hospital, Shillong. .
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has issued an order that no coal trucks will be allowed to travel after midnight on the 15th of June.
The prominent trainers in these programs included resource persons from PSI including Dr. Ravi Chopra, Dr. Anil Gautam, Ms. Khrolhiwe-Tsuhah, Mr. Rajesh Kumar, Mr. Ankit Saxena and Mr. .Vargish Bamola.
“I knew in advance that the government would not implement ILP, there is no point in this meeting,” said Clifford Marak.
The incident occurred at 4.30 pm on Tuesday, when Jayaprakash left the court with a sad heart, when he went to the market and bought a sdie and broke the car of Jayaprakash. The judge, who was in the field, and when he had finished cleaning the vehicles, was shocked and threatened the judge, because he had delayed the case too much, and asked for a release from his wife.
"Yes, he expressed his desire to meet, but the Pope has made it clear that politicians will not be met during elections and that is the reason," Parolin said.
For the residents of three villages including Kyndongei, Mawkapiah and Nongrim Hills, this road is still in dire need of transportation.
Meghalaya, which had the opportunity to bat first, scored 222 runs for the loss of all wickets in 49.4 overs.
Police said that Wilungboa had signs of injuries on his head and lower parts of his body. Police suspect that Wilung's death was caused by robbery.
To disturb the village will destroy the protest.
It will be a Great Tribulation period.
After the death of Alexander the Great, the Greek Empire was divided into many parts and those parts were ruled by different families.
According to estimates, the cost of construction of the stadium with plastic sheeting could reach more than T.20 crore and the scheduled completion time is about 2 years.
At the same time, the Sordar of Lynshing, Bah Raison Nongrum, said that he is concerned about some of the families of the village who do not want to take advantage of government schemes and participate in the society. the world is gone.
Introducing a change in the delivery of medicines and other equipment used in health centers through the establishment of Meghalaya Medical Drugs and Services Ltd. The purchase of medicines in the state has decreased by 45% this year due to the lack of cleanliness.
Khliehriat, November 12 : Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle have found that the Assam government has slowly implemented the National Highway in Assam from Malidor, Kalain, Badarpur Bridge. Referring to the condition of the National Highway in Narpuh area, the Vice President of KSU Narpuh Circle, Bah Phanuel Tongper said, “The Meghalaya government has no idea. Therefore, I would like to ask you to improve this road in Narpuh from Lumshnong to Ratacherra”.
This strengthens the functioning of the internal organs and helps to produce feelings of mental strength, well-being and happiness.
According to police sources, the damage caused by the incident has reached T.7000 thousand.
This award is a recognition of those who have the ability to draw and other special talents.
Man has asked himself that if God has such power, why did he send his Son Jesus to become a man on earth? To know about God's image is difficult and incomprehensible.
Others are to advocate for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution, as well as to strengthen the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Pakistan's team, which will play Afghanistan at the Chennai Stadium, which is suitable for spin bowlers, also hopes that the team will be able to face the talented Afghan bowlers. Rashid Khan and Noor Ahmad who have played well for the Gujarat Titans IPL this year.
The Union expressed its gratitude to the political parties for their willingness to work together for the welfare of the students and for the smooth running of the examinations.
He said the government has acknowledged that the calculation of the bill is for the purpose of paying the bill to the companies that supply pipes and other equipment.
Long who is very careful.
It was observed that students and the public have to walk through the main roads because the allocated pedestrian areas are used by the public to sell goods.
He also increased the VAT on petrol from 20 per cent to 22 per cent and the VAT on coal from T.40 to T.60 per metric tonne.
Under the leadership of these two youths, others who are concerned about the pollution of the river especially in the fish sanctuary have joined hands to clean up the plastic waste. you're umsaw in this river.
The event was attended by the Chiefs of Mylliem and Khyrim Hima, leaders of IORA Ecological Solution Private Limited and District Council officers from Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
At first glance, we can say that in Meghalaya, journalists and the media still enjoy that freedom in relation to their work.
the last Thangbuhalo in War Jaintia was held in 1947 by the people of Thangbuli and Jaraiñ; They did this in parts of Jaraiñ after India gained independence from the French.
Sajid said he had enrolled at the Mahatma Gandhi University for the year 2012-14 and had paid T.1 lakh. advertisements in the newspapers are false.
Rangdajied opened the scoring in the 45th minute through Ieitlang Syiemlieh.
Besides, even the report on the expenditure on the Lok Sabha elections is still pending,” Gokhale said.
It can also be said that there is still a long way to go in politics in these four years and 10 months and there are still many changes that can change the shape of the tree and even completely change the political system.
“The MeECL Engineers Association has announced that strikes at such times may be punishable under Section 3(4)(a) of the Meghalaya Essential Services Maintenance Act,
Other speakers included the President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Satly S.Ryngkhlem, the President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Satly S. Ryngkhlem, the President of the HNYF. The meeting was conducted by KSU Khliehriat Circle President Meral Suting. The meeting was conducted by KSU Khliehriat Circle.
The NPP leaders were received by Bah Brolding Nongsiej, MLA from Mawthadraishan, in the presence of Bah Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the UDP, Donbok Khymdeit, President UDP Ri Bhoi. Allantry Dkhar Vice President UDP Central Body, Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, Andrias Syngkli President UDP Nongpoh Circle, Michael Kharhunai Secretary UDP Ri Bhoi District, Bathok Nongmalih UDP Jirang Circle President Bathok Nongmalih and Don Sumer Working President Ribhoi District. Nongpoh: Thousands of people from different villages in Mawhati Constituency, today witnessed the joining ceremony of the HSPDP. Iva Kharbani, who will contest the 2023 elections from Mawhati Constituency.
If you have any information about him, please call No.96156-6
The police have recovered T.2100 tyngka.
He was also an MDC and EM of KHADC. In 2018, he was defeated by Bah Samlin Malngiang of the HSPDP. long as a candidate for the 2023 MLA election.
A stun grenade was also thrown at a shop in the parking lot of the Municipal near the protest.
Minister Wonderful is from the village of Siatbakon.
The patient was admitted to NEIGRIHMS where he was examined by a team of doctors from the Department of Tuberculosis and Respiratory Diseases, NEIGRIHMS under the leadership of Dr. Vijay Noel Nongpiur, Assistant Professor, Dr John Muchahary, Senior Resident and Dr. Dr Gideon Thangkhiew, Junior Resident.
Therefore, the village does not have peace under the leadership of this Rangbah Shnong and the ECs. This Rangbah Shnong is also the President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of War Jaintia. Even after many requests were made to suspend him temporarily while the writing is still going on, he remained silent.
Asst.Secretary- Nol Applicant 5.
Through facebook we know who is wise and who is stupid, who is good and who is bad, who is humble and who is proud.
A case has been lodged under the NDPS Act against him at Lumdiengjri Police Station.
At the time of replacement, clean the skum with fertilizers (3 kg mluh fertilizer, 3.8 kg skop kew and 12 kg fruit lali) which have been cleaned 10 days before replacing the skum.
Once addicted, it was difficult to escape addiction.
“We look forward to completing this project.
Over the past 9 years, our initiatives have resulted in increased production of urea, a type of nitrogen fertilizer (N), which has increased to 283.74 LMT per annum, which This is an increase of 207.54 LMT/ per annum in 2013-1
Ma Dkhar, father of Generous Pasleiñ, Independent candidate from Nartiang Constituency, said this at his son's election campaign rally in Mynsngat on Monday.
Shillong: The Maram People's Welfare Association Eastern Ribhoi, has strongly condemned the insulting speech of a woman from Lumsohriew village against the Maram people who fall under the Maharam Hima, by accusing them of being poi ei.
From year to year, the political situation in the District Councils is changing and there are no more CEMs who can complete the full three years due to the lack of MDCs and the lack of laws to prevent them. to the answer.
There have been 14 deaths in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of deaths to
He said that in fact, this shortage is filled from the share received by the State from the Central Agencies and most of it has to be purchased from the market.
Nongpoh, Jan 27: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District (KSU) has met with the leaders of the All Meghalaya Karbi Association (AMKA) in Nongpoh to discuss the issue of attacks on Khasi residents on the border with Assam. Karbi People Liberation Tigers (KPLT).
The scheme aims to use livestock and compostable waste in the villages for bio-gas/CBG along with the production of bio-slurry/bio-fertilizer, to bring livelihood opportunities in rural areas and also reduce dependence on importation of inputs from abroad!These assets (associated with SLWM) which are being introduced and implemented to transform ODF plus villages , they bring about cleanliness and provide employment and empower people associated with these activities especially women (individuals and Self Help Groups), reduce environmental pollution through recycling of waste from land agriculture, improves soil quality and renews water supply and improves air quality.
The players from all over the state were provided with all the necessary facilities as soon as they arrived in Tura, and even the food and drink was provided well and there was no complaint from the players.
The program was enriched by songs and dances by the students and teachers of the school.
Silverstar Thongni scored the first goal for Riangdo in the 22nd minute and the team took the lead until Alandonal Sohlangpiaw scored the second goal in the 54th minute. and 62
“Many people think that the police should come to the area to conduct a raid but we have never seen them come since the kidnapping,” said the residents. occur.
The Court further noted that as the state police are unable and unwilling to curb the illegal coal trade, the court feels that the police who are not controlled by the state government should come. implement the ban on illegal mining and transportation of coal in the state.
On the other hand, Pesina K Sangma from Chandmari, Tura took part in the exhibition of her food and beverages under the name ASAME Food and Beverages.
The disrespectful treatment of these groups towards the victims, even if they have identified themselves, is impossible.
Meghalaya is one of the poorest states in India.
It is he who has given the mirr.
“What was spread on social media was about a meeting of the BJP where they invited me as an independent to conduct the meeting by paying a fee and I went to conduct the meeting which was held at Shella. It's been about 10 months and I've been going exactly like a person who is paid to conduct the meeting and if you look closely I didn't wear that jyndeng ryndang that everyone who came to take part in the meeting they wear," he said.
Others who witnessed the reshuffle were Bah Roykupar Synrem General Secretary and other leading leaders of the party who attended the reshuffle of the office bearers of the District Unit.
“If the Government says to implement the Roster System, then the Roster Account should be operational from Zero of June, 2022 and those who have been employed later we will not count,” he said. This is the road and the Government should not speak clearly.
The Arm Wrestling tournament will start from the 17th to the 25th of November to showcase the talents of the world's best wrestlers.
At the same time, the VPP said that there may also be proxy voting if the polling officials are not vigilant and attentive to the task assigned to them for the the ensuring of a smooth and orderly election.
It is learned that the child had gone to the east side of the river to bathe and sum.
In 2018, Dr Phervision Nongtdu published another book entitled 'The Origin of Rymbai Elaka' This book was prepared by Dr P.Nongtdu.
Furthermore, he said that such a festival will be held every year.
From Nongphyllut District he went to Moothalasarmi to meet the sword of the Mikir (modern Karbi) Thong Nokbe, who is better known in the story of the Mikir (Karbi) as Thong Teron.
He also recalled that the party has been fighting for the introduction of ILP since 2014 and said that the party has called for a protest against the government of Mukul Sangma at the Khasi National Durbar Hall Mawkhar. There is no ILP in the State.
He said the party wants to know the government's views on the project, which has been delayed for many years and has been longed for by the people.
The BJP has alleged that this is not a scheme, but a loan which the people will have to pay later.
These are the ones whom God has placed as ways to light the world.
The UDP Youth Wing wants the government to invite the leaders of the civil society to the table of discussion and to decide to implement the ILP immediately through reconciliation and understanding. good judgment in the form of harmony.
"This means that this way of telling the Purinam of the Khasi about the origin of the Kur ka Jait from Li-dohkha or from the puri blei Pahsyntiew is a trick to say that it is more likely to have a woman of any kind. The Kur who agreed to be the mother of the kings who had to take over even the lands of the shyiap.
The chairman of SNSBH said that the Ministry of Home Affairs has sent the VAB of KHADC to the Ministry of Law and Justice and after review, it will send it back to the Ministry of Home Affairs. pat sha u Lat in the state.
Salsha powder includes matcha Greek yogurt, matcha latte and prepared fruits mixed with matcha.
Speaking on the current situation, Stalyne H.Diengdoh said that the talk of money has become a dangerous thing because it can buy all these things. It is the mind, the human life or even the human soul especially our children today who live in this society which is full of evils like drugs and other alcoholic beverages.
Politicians and government officials are very fortunate to be in Meghalaya because the people are quiet and sleepy and do not ask questions to the government.
He requested the youths from Shillong and Nongstoin District to attend the event and to invite other youths to experience the blessings.
They also inaugurated the footpath and vehicle road at Thad village, which was constructed at a cost of T.27.45 lakh, at Thad village. The BDO has inaugurated the fish pond at Mawrong village at a cost of T.11.11 lakh and T.11.64 lakh. 15.09 lakh.
Speaking to reporters, Bety Jyrwa said that she closed down the shop after Susanta Choudry took over from Rani Marbaniang. She stressed that Rani should have the right to pay and that if the foreigner who takes the wai does not, she has the right to act as the owner.
This disease is extremely dangerous to the life of the person affected by it.
The dividend is as follows – If a team writer in the first round writes 10 tyngka for a number, and if that number comes up, he will receive 80 tyngka.
Shillong: As of October 31, 2022, there were 124 uncompleted projects which have exceeded the deadlines.
They seek high positions in the Khadar rule just to gain power and worldly glory.
According to the source, the suspect has been detained in Ahshlong forest for six days after being abducted from Mangsang Police Out Post East Garo Hills. he shall be light.
The DGP said that when we think that it is the worship of God, we can understand through our human thoughts that the worship of God is not to do something wrong with others.
He said the BJP government has decided to introduce the Bill in the Legislative Assembly of the country in the Parliament to be held this month and this Bill will affect the people of the country especially the people of the country. that low paid.
One of them is evident in Jesus' reply to the Pharisees, “The Sabbath was made for man; man was not made for the sabbath” (Mark 2:27) and Jesus concluded by saying, “...I came not to destroy, but to fulfill. they".
But the question is, does he have a chance to reach the finish line? This will be his fourth time competing, and he has been second in previous competitions.
Local MDC Shri Eveningstar Teron was the Chief Guest to unveil the Lama of the country in the presence of other elders, residents, teachers and students of various schools. in Mynso.
Other sources said that the Prime Minister intends to hand over his resignation letter to the Governor today. At 9.30 pm, Sangma did not speak or leave the Governor's residence.
NG.The Government will receive revenue through the application of ILP to the State.
In the 2023 election, let us renew the government and give a majority to the BJP in the Assembly for CHANGE because as it is now, the Modi government is still respected by the people of India even in the face of the world.
According to sources from the residents and police, this happened at 5:30 pm.
Deimonmi Bareh, Assistant General Secretary of Kharkhana Village, said that the heavy rainfall for four days and four nights has affected the traffic of the people, especially the farmers who have not been able to deliver their produce to the market. motor vehicles to travel from landslides and floods.
In terms of moving forward, the government will have to look for ways to improve, and therefore the Solar Mission will be one of them,” he said.
Sabahmuswang SC beat Mookyndur SC 2-1 in the opening round of the First Division Football Tournament (WJDSA) held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
In a tragic incident on Tuesday at about 10:30 pm, a 17-year-old girl committed suicide by hanging herself.
Khliehtyrshi Sports Club scored 130 runs in 20 overs for the loss of seven wickets.
He also announced that the construction of the Non-Descript Breed Improvement Farm at Saitsama, West Jaintia Hills will transform the cattle breeding industry in the rural areas of the state and this will also help the farmers to achieve the goals. aims to increase the production of beef in the state.
The Shad Lakhempong was organized by the Dorbar of the Syiem of Raid Nongtung, the RBYF Raid Nongtung Circle and the Union of Rangbah Shniong of Raid Nongtung Border Area. 1st June 2013 to 22nd June 203 at Ummat Village Square.
Dr Rynjah said that everyone should work together to learn more about the disease and to disseminate information on TB in the community so that we can achieve the goal of eradicating TB by government.
Nongpoh: Although the village leaders of Sabuda and Jatalong villages, have strongly opposed the Assam government's plan to install electricity in Sabuda and Jatalong villages, but the Assam government has not listened at all and has continued to run the project smoothly. These electrical posts have been completed within one day, using machinery.
During this special prayer, the youth learned about the current situation in Manipur and the importance of doing things that will bring peace, forgiveness and unity.
AAY rice will be distributed at 35 kilos per household free of charge, PHH rice will be distributed at 5 kilos per month free of charge, while Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per month. The price of rice shall not exceed 12.00/- per kilo and the price of rice shall not exceed 14.00/- per kilo.
“I strongly oppose this sale to the army without the consent of the people,” he said.
At that Dorbar, all the members agreed to change the jait from male to female and asked those who came to the Dorbar to bring news to their villages that from that time onwards, the jait will be changed. to the Sha ka Kynthei as decided in the Dorbar.
Shillong: Thirty-eight days have passed for the JNV School in Mawphlang, but the school has not been able to open yet due to the Environment Committee of MLAs. The committee led by Bah SK Sun, MLA Mawphlang, has not yet decided on the reopening of the school, which has allegedly discharged sewage into the drinking water supply in Mawphlang.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung, 12: A 1 year 8 month old child has been raped by a robber in the past few days. village in South West Khasi Hills District.
You can deceive the people once or twice but not many times.
Furthermore, the union demands that the law enforcement authorities should punish such people by imprisonment or imprisonment so that it will not be an example to other bloodthirsty people.
He said there was no obstacle to the road to the crematorium.
In 2014, Ozil started the last match in which Germany beat Lionel Messi's Argentina 1-0 in the final of that year's WC. a Maracana; River of January.
Meghalaya's players for the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy are Riboklang Hynniewta, Sylvester Mylliempdah, Arien Bonchang Sangma, Chengkam Sangma, Junjun M Sangma, Mewada Shylla, Sanvert Kurkalang, Kilco R Marak, Lerry G Sangma and Ram. Gurung, Anish Charak, Akash K Choudhary, Amiangshu Sen, Rajesh Bishnoi (guest player), Nahul Verma (guest player) and the standbys are Lakhan Singh, Md Nafees Siddique, Adarsh ​​Joshi, Sengpan Sangma, Robert R Sangma.
He said that the scheme will soon be implemented by the state government to provide temporary shelter to the affected people and to provide care to the children who have lost their parents. Their father for many reasons caused by the heavy rains in Uttarakhand.
Bindo said the President paid special tribute to the outstanding leaders who brought the state like Capt Williamson Sangma, Stanley DD Nichols Roy, BB Lyngdoh and others besides PA Sangma who joined the state. in politics after the independence of the state.
Man has his own family, he lives in groups, he has his own village, he has his own kingdom, he has his own village, he has his own country.
Deibormi Rangad became the top scorer and led the Lion to victory after taking six wickets alone which was enough for him to win the man of the match title.
The INPT leaders will soon leave for Delhi to meet the Registrar General of India and Indian government ministers to discuss these issues.
“We have some stories that spread through the mind, if the Khasi language is lost, can we speak in English or Hindi, can we speak in foreign languages? the language is the foundation of the nation.
The order said that there are concerns about the safety and security of the people and therefore it is necessary to take this step to prevent further loss of life and to maintain peace and order in the area.
When you announce which candidate will contest an election, the question arises, is he rich? And if that candidate enters politics just to increase his own income, it will create a lot of problems for development.
In the past two years, there has been a mass protest over the issue of Harijan Colony in Mawlong Iewduh, Shillong.
The Meghalaya Table Tennis Association (MTTA) through its Vice President Bruce P Marak and General Secretary Chiranjib Choudhury has expressed its deep sorrow over this tragic incident. India is the whole country.
“The LYWA will reject any report submitted by the committee to the Government because many of those who participate in the committee are those who want to mine uranium,” said Horkit Hordang. LYWA strongly warns any employees of AMD, UCIL and those who support the mining of Uranium not to come to our area for their own personal gain or that they should destroy those things of their own, because we don't want our nation to be destroyed.
Nongstoiñ: The West Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (WKA) has opened the 12th District Open Cum Inter Schools Badminton Tournament which started yesterday with the presence of Bah S.Lyndem President of the West Khasi Hills District Association.
However, in front of the Government of India or other nations, I don't see that the leaders elected by the people are willing to shout or raise their voices when there are insults against us as a nation in the authorities. foreign if in terms of disregard for the traditional snap, the perfect snap, or the new snap of our Khun Hynniewtrep and especially the danger of the arrival of the high paid foreigners if they are from northern India and Bangladesh.
According to a report by the World Health Organization (WHO), 1 in 3 women has been subjected to violence and abuse in her lifetime.
According to the Congress leader, the purpose of introducing the CAB is to create division in the country and he alleged that this has been done by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Defense Minister. of Amit Shah.
He said that the Land Regulation Act of Assam has made it clear that the people do not have the right to land.
The DC said that the job of his office is only to conduct the Public Hearing.
Shillong, Nail 25: Police in South West Khasi Hills have arrested three persons for smuggling iwbih timber.
They demanded the immediate arrest of these people, who have insulted and violated the dignity of women.
One of the complaints is the reckless driving of truck drivers that endanger others, and these reckless and disrespectful acts show the need for immediate enforcement action.
In the final match of the semi final, the match between the two teams was very fierce.
About 1800 students participated in the program.
At the Farewell ceremony, the office bearers of Mawthoh Myrdon District, including the Tymmen Basan, the Rangbah Balang, the Women's Associations, gave gifts to the Pastor Rangbah not only in Mawthoh, but also in Mawthoh. the whole of Ri Bhoi.
The judgment shall be established, and the reign of that man of sin, Satan, shall be 1290 days.
It is to be recalled that Khlieh Mawlieh and Rang Dajied have played in the MSL 2019, where these teams are in the Group of Mawkyrwat and in that match Rangdajied won. to beat Khlieh Mawlieh 1-0
Speaking on the occasion, Deputy Commissioner BS Sohliya urged all the officers of the District Departments to work together in the MLA Election 2023 which will be held on 27th February, .
You are the one who makes the law! Do you feel that the rules and regulations of the ancestors are worthless? If so, please pass your new laws because until now this Local Residentship Rule is still the stronghold of the nation.
Hundreds of youths from 4 Parishes of the Catholic Church in Ri Bhoi District attended the Convention. The youth of the Catholic Church, expressed their happiness and joy, because they had the opportunity to meet with the youth from their own Church and especially for the purpose of discussing and exchanging views on the many related to the welfare of society, besides the service of God.
Perhaps he has a close relationship with the government authorities which allows him to violate the laws against plastic bags.
“Therefore, we have asked the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to clarify about the contract which has reached more than Rs 113 crore when the price he has answered in the House is Rs 119 crore,” said Bah Roykupar.
“I promise to set up a Langrin Constituency Development Committee with the participation of all the Rangbah Shnong, Dorbar Shnong, Women's Wing, Youth, Mulor, Nokma, Sordar Shnong to give their opinion on how to implement the MDC scheme and also. to facilitate the introduction of development projects from other government departments in the area,” he added.
The District Magistrate has also directed all commercial and private vehicles to travel according to the odd and even number arrangement and this will include shops.
In his speech, Bah RM Shabong, President of the Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association, said that what is needed is that the Information and Public Relations Department of the State Government should be strengthened. , that there are government departments, which operate this office only as a signpost, where it is directed, but it shall only distribute news and does not have the authority to take any important decisions, in relations with the press.
That's a lot of shaba.
However, he promised to continue the development of this sector once again with the support of the federation for the purpose of promoting more games in the World Cup. men's and women's teams and also the introduction to the world of the number of teams in the Club World Cup to
Within the state of Meghalaya we have become the owners of it.
The celebration of Christmas invites us all to become better than we used to be.
Laloo also praised the Chief Minister of West Bengal for bringing many development projects in the state despite being a large state and he is confident that the party will achieve its goals especially in The smallest state is Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang : Truecaller is one of the world's largest telephone number systems to know the name of the person who owns the phone number and to prevent it from receiving telephone numbers. The Cyber ​​Peace Foundation (CPF) in collaboration with the Cyber ​​Peace Foundation (CPF) has launched the first training session on the issue of phone calls. known as “TrueCyberSafe” which focuses on safety in the use of the Internet.
He said that he will meet with these Nigerian citizens who are imprisoned in Shillong Jail and Jowai jail and to learn about their health and condition to ensure that they are in the midst of the crisis. happy you are in this state.
At the 1951 Asian Games, the team became the most prominent team in New Delhi.
“In fact, this club is not new to me because in the past I played for Langsning and I was one of the coaches of this team in under the leadership of L Darlong as the leader of the group,” said Bah Khlaiñ Pyrkhat.
Shillong, Lber 22: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong, on Tuesday introduced a Bill to allocate special allocation for students who go for Doctor, Engineer and other courses. You are not subject to the Government's Reservation Policy.
Heimon Lyngdoh tied 40 runs from 45 balls and Nick Dann scored 46 runs from 55 balls.
Chonseng Momin took two wickets in four overs and Drewil Marak took one wicket in four overs.
Although the journey of these state champions has come to an end, there are still many stars of the country who will continue in this tournament in order to compete for the title.
The Pator is under the Dolloi and is the assistant to the Dolloi.
Therefore, I would like to express my memory of this famous and most popular singer in Khasi Hills. The market for the songs she sang is very high. Everyone from children to young people to the elderly or the drinkers say, without the song of Bah u n sun, it wouldn't be possible to go on an excursion. Even at the wedding ceremony, people like to dance and sing.
the end times are at hand, be ready.
“This robbers' use of the boundary of the village as a mortuary has brought shame and great shame to the village as a whole, a village that never allows “It doesn't allow illegal activities and any kind of activities that the community doesn't accept,” said Bah Ryngkhlem.
One of the farmers in Dawki, Bah Maxwell Rymbai, while talking to Rupang, said that in fact there was a rule that only the stewards could be charged from the team owners. 5 tyngka per shop per day, but now it has been increased from T.5 to T.10 tyngka and the steward fee has been asked from the contractors. The union has given the land to one person to collect these taxes, but the landlord has taken advantage by increasing the price and demanding money even from the contractors.
It is learned that some of the MDCs of the UDP have differences of opinion because some want Bah Paul and some want Bah Titosster and also in the NPP there are differences of opinion.
It is to be recalled that this garbage dump at Thomas Jones was after a protest by the Khliehtyrchi Dorbar Shnong and the residents to stop the JMB truck from dumping garbage at the temporary garbage dumping site known as Pangit, Khliehtyrchi. The Dorbar Shnong Tympang has banned anyone from dumping garbage within the boundary of the village and has warned that from now on, if found dumping garbage, it will hand over to the authorities. Iawmusiang residents have to ensure that they keep the morning clean and take the garbage to their homes.
Speaking to reporters on July 30, Bah Paul said, “It has not taken responsibility for holding meetings, but it has failed in 12 meetings of the Commission and there is also a The incident spread that she was taking part in a political party meeting.
The UDP candidate for the 2019 MP election, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, was defeated by the Congress candidate, Vincent H Pala.
Along with these words, we can also understand the Khasi thought.
The Minister also informed that NEIAH has launched Ayurvedic Immune Modulation in Children at its Ayurveda Hospital.
In addition, there are other phrases of two or more words which can be combined into a more meaningful synropktien.
Because most of the time we see that there are more people who can't stand especially if they are thrown by SBAI RUPA. The knowledge will also die if such people come. and the nation to survive only for itself.
On the other hand, the group of employees of the state electricity department has demanded that a Chairman should be appointed for the benefit of the department and the employees in the future.
He said he asked for their documents to verify, but they didn't have them so he picked up the phone to inform the police. They were arrested by the Lumdiengjri Police Station.
It has been open to the public since 15th September 2020 and the IPD has been opened since 24th November
The Working President of the WJDSA, EMH Passah, hoisted the flag to start the race.
Khliehriat, July 24: The Border Security Force (BSF) troops, who patrol the border areas in East and West Jaintia Hills District, in the past few days, have seized up to 700 cows. The truck drivers carrying these cows have escaped from the hands of the security forces.
This shows that the ancients were in harmony with the forces of nature, as we can see in turning the houses to the east or northeast, burning a lot of wood in agriculture and other activities. The ancients did not fight against the forces of nature but went along with it.
The consumption of pests that damage plants has helped to reduce the number of predators such as birds, insects, fish, insects, lizards and others. the insects are their delicious food.
“We warn any Hindutva organization that if they do such things to post notices we will meet them face to face and we will not be punished and we will take strong action and we will take the relevant authorities.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the KSU Balat Border Unit, Samla Bornsen Snaitang, said that there is a fear in the Dangar and Balat areas which are ethnic minority areas. to bsuh head there.
Randeep Hooda and his wife Laishram, dressed in traditional clothes, prayed for their bright future.
Employment opportunities for the youth will also be one of the issues that the party will take action to create opportunities as many of the youth are unemployed in the state.
Such things have happened and will continue to happen over time because there is no control from the government authorities, District Councils, Hima, Raids, Villages, Kurs and Families.
He said Victoria teaches in Hyderabad and has received awards for her work.
Kitborlang Nongrem, District President of the National People's Party Youth Front (NPPYF) and State President of the National People's Party (NPPYF) expressed his pleasure to meet the youths who will go to other places. Meban San Sangma and James Anderson Kharlyngdoh in the presence of the Secretary of the Swimming Association, Welljune Nongsiej and Bajop. The NPPYF congratulates the Arm Wrestling Association of Meghalaya for selecting the youth to participate in the National Arm Wrestling Competition.
Participating in the meeting, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, expressed his satisfaction to see that the staff of the Block, have worked hard and dedicated themselves for the prevention of COVOD- 19 and also to address the problems faced by the residents of the villages under the Jirang Constituency.
Nongpoh, March 19: The FKJGP Mawtari Myrdon Circle has strongly condemned and warned against those who spread garbage along the road to Mawtari Myrdon area in Ri-Bhoi. They are still trying to find the people and if found they will be punished severely and thrown away the garbage in their homes.
“Allow KHNAM to lead the EC, you have faced the Congress, UDP, but KHNAM has never been allowed,” said Bah Process.
) and the Cabinet.
Prestone said the road from Laitkor to Mylliemlum to Pomlakrai to Laitlyngkot to connect the Shillong-Dawki road is under preparation to reduce traffic jam in Shillong.
New Delhi: The number of cases of Covid-19 in India has risen to 40,263, including 28,070 undergoing treatment and 10,887 recoveries. The death toll has risen to 1,3
Many of the schools in the rural areas run by the government have lost their teachers and the schools themselves have been destroyed due to lack of funds to maintain them.
After receiving information from RTI, Wanmi Laloo said that the leaders of the party have met with the BDO of Thadlaskeiñ Block and during the meeting he told them that the reason for the stay is that The BDO said that the MLA has not released the money from the MLA Scheme for the year 2012-2013 because the people have not received it while the other years have not received it yet. he.
The Governor said this at Raj Bhavan, Shillong on Tuesday.
Also present were former MLA Singh Mulieh, Lakhon Biam MDC JHADC, Dawan Lyngdoh MDC JHADC, State Executive Member, Lakhon Biam MDC JHADC. Shaphrang Lyngdoh President, B. Marak Vice President who is also the spokesperson of BJP and others.
Speaking to media on the second day after the meeting with the Minister, the President of the HFU, Bah Commander Shangpliang said that the delegation's visit to the Minister was a success. long on the death of the animals.
Regarding other competition, Roger said that the Mega Audition will be held on the 30th of this month, while the Semifinal will be held on the 9th of July, 2016 and the Grand Finale. It will be held on July 30,
“What we are concerned about is the passage of trucks through this road, is that they continue every night and through the passage of these trucks through this bridge in Lailad, which means that this bridge will not last long. and if anything happens, all the problems will be borne by the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi,” they said.
Although Goa will host the National Games 2023, the golf and cycling competitions will be held at the Delhi Golf Club from 5 to 9 November.
Earlier, Bah Pynshngain said that they want to submit only one petition to the central government and to get the right opinion, the groups need to read the rules carefully before giving their opinion. .
The Pastor continued by saying that the law does not allow but the conscience does not allow, “There is the law, there is the conscience (Legality and Morality).
Expressing their support for this special Act, they said that if women get the opportunity to become voters, it would be very good because there are many problems in the families in the Khasi Jaintia Hills. themselves are the women who carry the heavy burden in all respects.
The decision of the meeting was accepted and approved by the Government of Assam in a letter No.TAD/GA/83/50 dated
The General Secretary of the HNYM, Bah Jophas Kurbah and the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Umtring, Bah Stemar Nongbri, in an interview with the media, also alleged that Bah Teiborlang Thangkiew has been the leader of Umtring Village. At the same time, they alleged that he has misused the schemes that the government has provided to the people living in this village.
In addition to the report submitted by the State, the Advocate General said that the State has received detailed information and there is also pending information regarding the availability of coal used by the ferro alloy factories. sand and coke.
According to the Meghalaya Municipal Act, 1973, the Chairman is the Executive Head of the MB and is elected by the Ward Commissioners who have already been elected.
However, they have no intention of buying books worth hundreds of rupees.
Babu Pius was born on 03-04-1946 in Jongksha village and married Crescentia Pasi from Moopasi village in West Jaintia Hills District.
Our beloved Khasi Hills, which is blessed with a beautiful and lush nature, has started to lose that beauty in the past few years.
Thus the Rukom-kheiñ requires the man not to marry far from his village; Otherwise, how can he look after the Khaddar of the longkur longjait and the village? That time was still the time when the Lyngkor Kñi was still stronger than the Para ki Pyrsa.
The two candidates include Dr. Sarbeswar Sahariah and Dr. Ilias Ali who have also received the award. the Padma Shri Award.
“It is true that the Opposition is weak in the Legislative Assembly, but the allegation against the UDP alone does not fit,” said UDP General Secretary Bah AF Dkhar. The Central Executive Committee (CEC) has held a meeting today.
He said that if the Crowborough Hotel is opened, about 500 youths from the state will get jobs.
Although these are government schools which in fact are the government authorities to look after and take care of but when the government is blind like that the KSU will not hesitate to do their part this time.
This Uniformity stipulates that there should be only one law of the country to govern marriage, and that marriage should be registered before the law, without error, and only by one government law. I can't release my husband.
“Therefore, the NITI Aayog in the country as a whole and not only in the States, as it has taken care of the issues related to the indigenous people because if you want the best strategies in the development of the country. “Whoever is later, you know that you have to think of the 200 million people of the country,” he said.
Drugs are no different from the atomic bomb in terms of killing and torturing people, but only in terms of use.
When asked about the government's implementation of the roster, Bah Adelbert said, “The VPP as said by the party leader should not suspend but should first amend the Reservation Policy and this is our basis. like a party.
These assistance have enabled emerging farmers and local entrepreneurs to prepare for the market which has led to the export of shyrmit to foreign countries, such as the United States, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and Russia.
A person who has been struck by lightning or white light may be burning or unconscious and they need to look at the affected area.
He said the border issue whether it is with Bangladesh or Assam has been a very difficult issue.
The Seng led by Education Secretary Samla Raymond Kharjana and Asst.Education Secretary Samla Rueben A Najiar have met with the Secretary of Education, Ambrose CH Marak to inform them about this issue. of students.
At present, the Food and Civil Supplies Department is still waiting for the list from the C&RD Department to select those who should receive the foodgrains.
Lasanki Mallang, Dietitian at Children Hospital Shillong, while judging the traditional food cooking competition held at Khonglah village today, said that traditional food is also good for health.
The Forum also expressed its support for the announcement of the KHADC to appeal to the Ingkashari on the boundary issue.
Pastor Dkhar said that many pastors have been involved in the translation of the Bible, some have died and some are still alive. Translation of the Synod.
Tikait was previously a police officer in Delhi and has been arrested 44 times in various farmers' rights protests.
On the alliance between the two ethnic parties, the UDP and HSPDP, Adelbert said that their alliance is not because of the nation but because of the disease itself. “The destruction of the nation is due to the destruction of the disease,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
It is worth mentioning that the Cabinet meeting of the state government has recently decided to shut down the dewbilat factory at Mawmluh and to give a golden handshake to the employees of the factory. since the time of the Assam government.
The festival was organized by the Department of Higher and Technical Education, NSS Cell, Meghalaya at Soso Tham Auditorium.
While there is the intelligence of mankind in the world, attempts have been made to fight against this war against an invisible enemy, who has no weapon to kill him.
When informing about the problem of illegal recruitment in various government departments, the offices have acted unfairly and have insulted each other, said a statement from the Secretary of the Association, Skhemborlang Pyngrope.
After this, police investigated all the license plates found in Ali's vehicle and found that 4 out of 5 license plates came with engine number plates. and counterfeit chassis (according to company – Suzuki and Tata, database).
In a letter to the Prime Minister, the Catholic Church leaders demanded that the Indian government should reject the proposal of Rekha Sharma, the leader of the NCW. that the confession of sin should be abolished in the synagogues.
“We will take up this issue with the Prime Minister and all the MDA members to urge the state government to discuss the Reservation Policy,” said Bah Pangniang.
In Nagaland, officials from the Election Commission of India (ECI) have conducted a two-day program for Deputy Commissioners and District Election Officers to enable the districts to gain detailed knowledge and skills to conduct the elections.
On the other hand, the chief guest also distributed mementos and certificates to the Under-14 players of the school as well as the Coach and Manager.
However, the DSO I clarified on many of the issues that have appeared in the media which have been alleged by the teachers and civil society.
For Class 6 and 7, the weight should be less than 4 kilos, for Class 8 and 9, the weight should be less than 4.5 kilos and for Class X, the weight should be less than long less than 5 kilos,” said the law.
However, the woman denied and said that it was not the fault but the hostility and lack of attention of the employees.
The KSU in a statement said that the KSU does not want to see a doctor only in writing, but also wants to see that the doctor is at the hospital which has been set up for the benefit of the people. health.
Police are investigating.
Members of these organizations also called for condemnation of the BJP central government, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Amit Shah.
According to the Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah, Bah Andrew Jyrwa, the market residents have already informed the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) that there is a power outage in the market. He said that the employees of MeECL have only come to see the power outage but they have decided to fulfill their duty without thinking that it will cause. but this is a sad incident for the market dwellers.
Although Langsning had to play only 40 players, they didn't lose heart and fought hard and scored the first goal in the 78th minute through Ronney Kharbudon.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 28: U Jylliew Singh Marweiñ, President of the Hynniewtrep Achik People Council (HPP), has submitted a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District. Nongstoiñ, on monitoring the implementation of various schemes in West Khasi Hills.
Nongpoh, Lber 14: Five days after a man from Pahammawleiñ village 20 mer in Ri-Bhoi district was shot dead by unidentified robbers, he was stoned to death while he was on his way to Ri-Bhoi. lyngkha trei, Ri-Bhoi Police have not yet arrested the suspects.
Another issue is that those buyers who come from Shillong to buy from Shillong to the whole village and after waiting all day, they get a slip from the government to buy only 2 or 3 pockets of rice. which does not produce even a low fare, and because of this, the price has to be increased and in this, it has affected the people.
The party will monitor this call for applications so that it will be clean and fair without any bias in all the jobs.
“This MDC election on November 13, 2016, will be the day to issue yellow cards to the HSPDP and Congress, and in 2018, we will issue red cards,” he said. , those who play football understand what the Yellow Card and the Red Card mean.
In other parts of Laitkseh, there are 5 religious groups, Presbyterian Church 261 households, Catholic Church 128 households, All One in Christ 9 households, Ecclesia 15 households and Church Meghalaya & Assam 19 households.
He said.
Sohlang recalled that in 2006-07, the KHADC had implemented the Uranium Road (UCIL) from Wahkaji to Mawthabah which they said “not at all”, while in 2006-0 The KHADC has ignored the opposition of many land owners who opposed the construction of the UCIL road and even in the public hearing, the opponents have won but the work has gone ahead.
On this day, more than 100 people attended the programme.
“If we use this roster system, there will be no reservation allocated according to the reservation policy.
He said that after Bah Teiborlang Pathaw joined the NPP, development works have started to appear in Mawlai Constituency.
“From Delhi, we have to decide whether to hand over this land to NHIDCL for the construction of a four-lane highway on this area and in terms of the state government, we have already handed over this land. The land will go to NHIDCL, except for the land under defence,” said Bah Tynsong.
Despite their first defeat, Argentina are still top of the qualifying group with 12 points from three games.
Shillong: After learning about the first case of COVID-19 in Meghalaya, ASHAs and those who provide their duties, have received training on how to play an important role in the search for COVID-19 cases in Meghalaya. that containment zone.
The US strike comes after the Houthis launched about 100 attacks in the peninsula in the past two months, disrupting their traffic. ships in the sea, which connects different countries of the world, in transportation and various facilities.
Dakti Kraft Shillong is an organization that produces and provides services related to handicrafts that have been handed down from ancient times. They are not produced by the environment without the use of plastic.
Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today convened a meeting of MLAs, MDCs from all three District Councils, leaders of various political parties and the people to discuss the issue. The surprising thing at the meeting was that almost all the speakers who gave speeches who were Khasi spoke in the but later it was a man from Ri-Lum Garo who stood up to speak on the stage to show his respect for the native language. the facilitator of the meeting has to translate his remarks into English.
But we see that the Israelites chose the curse.
Meghalaya has received HGJ status for 597 villages and another 1500 villages to get 100% household water supply.
The incident happened at 12 noon during the heavy rain.
He said that the reason why the leaders of the HYC Ri Bhoi, have met with the Chairman of the DSC, is after receiving many complaints from the people and especially from those youths. from Ri Bhoi, who are deeply concerned about the delay in the announcement of the DSC results, the statement said.
The official, who did not want to be named, said the Bangladesh headquarters in Agartala will be upgraded to Assistant High Commission.
Ian Campbell in his speech said that through this programme, many talented players have emerged and urged the players to continue to fight hard so that they can improve.
When asked the names of the four Pnar women who work in the shop, he could not answer and said that he is still the owner for some time and has not heard from them.
YSWC Thangbuli beat YSWC Thangbuli 2-0 in the Super Division Football League match played at the Mini Stadium Ladjaplem, Amlarem on Friday.
“Other ethnic groups who didn't know anything about our Khasi ethnic group, now know something about it and the honor of Bah Donbor Rumnong will be a blessing and an example especially to the Khasi youth. “There are many talents who have lost hope that they will continue to reach the heights of fame in order to develop our Jaitbynriew Khasi,” said the MLA. “The State Government through the Sports and Youth Affairs Department should create opportunities to support the youth, young and old who have sports skills. They will be able to prepare themselves to improve and win many sports.
The government needs to think carefully about this issue in terms of assistance or grants to schools for teachers' salaries.
This scheme is for the year 2011-1
When turning to the teachers, they also praised her intelligence.
Shillong, March 11: U DP MDC candidate from Nongkrem, Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that the UDP MDC candidate from Nongkrem, Bah HS Shylla, has said that he has high hopes for winning the election. he came to give him support.
The BSF troops seized the kwai in three trucks but the drivers of these three vehicles on seeing the BSF troops ran away from the vehicle and left them behind. cars and goods were stolen behind.
Drivers should also be disciplined and not to rush especially to places where they are new because they do not understand the condition of the road.
“We were having lunch at 9:30 pm on Saturday night, but about 8 to 10 people came into the field and shot us without any reason. “I have been here since 2006 but this is the first time that we have been attacked,” said Dipankar Choudhury, a fish trader from Malda district. Bengal.
Shillong has been facing problems in terms of traffic congestion in Shillong, especially during school and office hours and during holidays.
Because children are not afraid of their mother but are more afraid of their father.
Not only that, there is one mobile number, where a mother has 22 children and all of them are students of Class IX. Not only that, there is one school, which does not have a hostel at all, but one Each child receives a hostel allowance.
Jowai, Naiwieng 29: The Dorbar Shnong Nangbah Pyllun today decided to give its full support to the election of Lakhon Biam as MLA in the 2023 elections.
Today, the match between Mawlai SC and Shillong Lajong FC will start at 3:15 pm at the Polo Ground, SSA Stadium.
New Delhi, March 31: The price of petrol has been hiked by T.1.15 per liter for the second time this month, while the price of diesel has been hiked by T.1.15 per litre. increase to 50 nai per litre.
The disease, which affects chickens, is very common in Europe and East Asia.
After the discussion, Bharati ordered her officers to look into the project and take the work forward.
Fourthly, the union demands that the government should bring back the 36 Khasi and Jaintia (Block-1) to Meghalaya and repeal the Notification 1951 of the Governor of Assam. The State Government has decided to provide immediate assistance to the families of those who lost their loved ones and those who were injured in the shooting by the Assam Police and Forest Guard.
Special awards were also presented to Rymbai PHC for its achievements under MHIS& Ayushman Bharat-PMJAY, Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF), The Rotary Club, Jowai has awarded the staff of One Stop Centre, Khliehriat for their efforts in helping those in need. )', as well as training the residents on how to prevent any violence against women, children, as well as encouraging the residents to do any good deed to bring about the change in society.
The KHADC has decided to abolish Laitkroh and create a new Umsning constituency.
Sri Lanka is in dire poverty in recent days and this has sparked mass protests in the country and this has prompted the President of the country, to he must agree and apologize to the people of Sri Lanka, that he has mismanaged the country and this has caused the country to suffer; but at the same time, he promised, that he would correct it.
“It was found that the price was not reasonable.
On Friday, Abey Kuruvilla, General Manager of the BCCI, visited the MCA Stadium along with Girish.
In fact, the NGT during its hearing on 29th July 2015, had ordered the government to clean up the rivers especially the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers.
Meanwhile, Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit said that the residents face problems especially when they go to get loans from various banks, because they cannot pledge their land which they have not registered and register again. Ban said that the cost of registering at the DC office is high and besides this, Bah Ban said that now there is another problem where the people have to spend a lot of money to get permission from the DC office. you MUDA doesn't build it.
He passed away on 4th November 2020 at 12:25 pm from suffering from cardiac arrhythmia, COVID-19 pneumonia, acute kidney injury, type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
It was also recalled that the Government has already issued a notice since 10th July 2015 on the decision to use weighbridges at all LCSs to Bangladesh but as of now it is only for you're going to Dawki.
“Therefore, we invite all the members of the jaidbynriew who are concerned about this act of betrayal by these two ingkhong shyllangmat to come to the rally at 1:00 pm at Motphran,” said the party.
“The people of Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah have given me their trust in 2019, that I will take an urgent decision to run here and there, only if the residents of Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah don't give me their trust. “I don't know if I'm going to be an MDC,” he said.
On the other hand, Dr. Lyngdoh's sister, Dr. Jasmine M. Lyngdoh said that their family is with the NPP and as a family, they strongly condemn the incident.
“There will always be allegations that this is Ampareen's election but I want to clarify that you are not my dummy candidate as an MLA,” she said. I have heard with deep sorrow and grief of my husband about the incident in KHADC these days”.
The Union would like to clarify that the letter sent by the Prime Minister at such a time is incompatible with their demands and it is clearly understood that all this is just a political move to destroy the Union. SNSBH plans to march on the 30th of this month.
Shillong, July 18: The Cabinet meeting on Friday approved the Meghalaya Price Chit and Money Circulation Scheme Banning Rule, from the public.
Earlier, speeches were delivered by party leaders including Edmund Khongngai, Harold Khongsit, Sohra candidate, Dominic Wankhar, East Khasi Hills and others.
This has paved the way for the implementation of this Act,” he added.
The President of the HFU, Commander Shangpliang, said that after the HFU was invited to attend the reopening of the Dawki Land Custom Station (LCS), the HFU did not hesitate. She attended the event with the aim of promoting the marketing of agricultural products.
I remember that in the two or three elections when the state was independent, people used to say that 'if you look only at the plates of food, then the candidate should have won'
According to the CEM of KHADC, many of the vendors have Trading License and they have to renew it from time to time. beat their shops.
ASCI Hyderabad, a joint venture of CIPS, was established in 1956 with the vision of the government and companies.
They live in poverty, fear and know God.
Therefore, we request you to take action according to the law,” he said in the complaint.
This will cause many problems to the people living in this area, not only that if we as the youth or the villagers do not do anything against this Government will subject us to various rules to arrest and imprison them. The statement was signed by the FKJGP President, KSU Mawlai Circle and various youth organizations.
Shillong, July 24: The MDCs of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today expressed their anger over the insult by the state government to the village headmen in the state.
The KSU expressed its surprise that although it arrived at the venue at 11:00 am, it was learned that the hearing had been cancelled.
Minister Passah, Director Youth Service, Rtn.
We have the right to honor, remember, because of His incarnation into the world, not only to live like all the people of the world, but He came to “SAVE THE WORLD” John 4:14; “THAT THE FATHER SENT THE SON TO BE THE SAVIOR OF THE WORLD”.
The objective of the National Rural Health Mission is to appoint women volunteers to improve health in every village across the country.
Shillong, July 18: The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Tuesday announced that the polling day for the election of the new Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya will be held on the 27th of this month. June, 2023 and the counting of votes will be held on October 2,
Just on the word 'corruption': Before we go into the field of Thomas Jones' ministry in Khasiland, it is necessary to share some explanations on the word 'corruption'
The bus number AS 01 EC
This has created a problem for the nation without ensuring that all the income will be owned by the poor.
The Indian Foreign Ministry has said that troops from both sides have been killed in the fighting and alleged that this was after China intended to change the Line of Control. (lac), in the case of Galwan.
In his speech, he praised the initiative of CBC Shillong to organize this program and urged the students to go and watch it.
The increase in the number of mobile phone users has made it easier for the people to see what their MLAs do after they are elected.
HYC Killing Unit President Larry Suchiang, in collaboration with HYC Umtyrnga Circle, led by Bosco Nongrum President, together with members of the HYC, found the truth. and witnessed with their own eyes the illegal movement of these heavy vehicles and which has caused them a lot of trouble in the area.
He hoped that the leaders of the two parties, the UDP and the HSPDP, would not decide to win the RDA candidate with dignity.
Knowledge and understanding depend on the individual.
Banehskhem Khongsdam scored the other two goals in the 75th and 90+4 minutes.
“As I promised you that I don't want to eat from my MLA salary, but what I get through my salary, I have done everything to help the needs of the people in the constituency,” he added.
Another party has relied on the magic of Rahul Gandhi or Gandhi's blood to win votes.
“Mondal said the implementation of smart meters is ongoing, with some already installed and plans for their installation are ongoing.
From Ïewduh to Khyndai Lad and even other villages, the violence against the public places has increased from year to year.
Referring to the suggestion to set up a committee to look into this, the Prime Minister said that the government will look into if there is a need for a committee. After explaining, the Prime Minister has decided to withdraw the matter from the House.
After the meeting with the authorities, teachers, parents and students, a group of journalists also visited the fish pond of Kharang village. to assist and further improve this place which is one of the places that can attract tourists.
The Government of India will provide subsidy for two years in connection with the recruitment of new employees on or after 1st March, 2020 and until 30th July,
Many people no longer care about others and do all kinds of evil things just to benefit themselves.
The Seng strongly opposes and will visit again at any time, said a statement from the General Secretary Samla Lurman B. Talang.
Speaking at the meeting, the District TB Officer, Jaintia Hills, Dr EVB Laloo urged the TB patients to take action to take medicines as prescribed by doctors, nurses and ASHAs so that they can recover and To prevent the spread of TB, fever, chills, weight loss and night sweats are the main signs of TB. “If you have these symptoms, you should go for check up and treatment at any government health center where you don't have to pay any fee,” she said. in just a few months.
At the same time, the party strongly condemns the government's arrest of Sengbhalang leaders and members without knowing the cause.
The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, which has received the work order for the implementation of the project, has agreed to complete the construction of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly at a cost of T.127 crore. less than Rs 18 crore.
Regarding the TMC's demand for the introduction of Presidential rule in the state; Conrad said that there are problems and incidents that have happened but this is not the time to judge with the intention of fighting politics.
These seeds can be harvested in November or December.
Furthermore, if any of those who are quarantined at home have fever, cough or shortness of breath, they should immediately inform by phone at 94853-95373, 82579-46145, 76420-08817 lane  89740-37257.
The JAC said that Shahlang area is one of the largest coal mines in West Khasi Hills District and more than 80% of the residents of the area live on coal from the landowners. rent collectors, employees, vendors, drivers and others.
Therefore, in this regard, the Seng requests and expects that the Government will take action on this issue and implement these recommendations of the Seng as soon as possible.
The song features Jessie Lyngdoh and Kimmy Lyngdoh and is written by Jessie Lyngdoh and produced by Abel Phoenix.
The four others are Hopeful Nongtdu of Rymbai, Khrawbok Rongrin of Sohbar A, Shallang, Ashish Arya of Basisthapur Bye-Lane, Guwahati, Kamrup and Yaman Bansal of Beltola. Tiniali Guwahati, Kamrup.
Besides the distribution of tablets, prizes were also awarded to the winners of the drawing and poetry competitions held as part of the celebration of this year's Environment Day.
The VPP has nominated Dr. Ricky Syngkon as the party's last public meeting to seek the support of the people for the Lok Sabha MP election from Shillong Parliamentary Seat. Candidate to fight.
In the second half, Mookbu FC scored the first goal in the 62nd minute through Teilang Mukhim.
Nongpoh: The leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District, have sent a letter to the Project Director of NHAI Shillong, to express their strong opposition to the proposal of the NHAI authorities to close down all the shops nearby. on the road to Lad Umroi, Umiam.
The Meghalaya Football Association has done a lot to promote this sport in the state and the government will ensure to support it,” said Bah Banteidor.
Melagrine Dantes, Sr.
President Women Wing-Pretty Pyngrope, Vice President-Banalari Khongwar.
The girl is also a child and is from Rtiang West Jaintia Hills.
He said that earlier he was appointed as the Incharge of the Indian Youth Congress for the Central Election Control Room in Guwahati when Tarun Gogoi was appointed. He was elected for the second term and said he has been in the Congress party for 30 years.
“It has been scheduled that on the 22nd of this month, Bah Balajiedkupar Synrem son of Dr Donkupar will be confirmed as the UDP candidate from Shella for the mid-term elections. Shella MDC Teinwel Dkhar who is also CEM of KHADC was also present at the meeting.
These Rangbah have become players and at the same time the office bearers, leaders of the Club and through their hard work the Club has become famous.
In another incident in the past 10 months, CCP Shillong officers have seized five gold biscuits weighing 582.70 grams from a man driving a Maruti and they went up to Jorabbath.
Finance secretary-Micheal War.
The CEM of KHADC said that this ropeway is very amazing and the credit goes to Bah Pious Rani, who has worked hard to get such a ropeway, which will help many people. At the same place, he said that the construction of such a ropeway will start in the two villages under the MDC scheme. He requested the land owners to give permission to build the dam which the land owners have promised to give for the construction of the dam.
Speaking on the occasion, Niman N Shadap, Director Khasi Indigenous Foundation, urged the young men and women to come forward and take part in any competition. -I name the traditional costumes of the Khasi Khara, so that the traditional costumes will appear in front of the world, and we should not forget our own traditional costumes wherever we are.
“How many of you have received ksiew?” asked Rep.
The demand for Civil Sub-Division was not made during the tenure of MLA Mestonath Kharshandi. Mestonath Kharshandi has been an MLA for many years under the Congress Government and has received good respect from the Congress party, but no one has been appointed. The CM of the Congress party should listen to the wishes of the people of Mawsynram Constituency and Mawsynram should have received a Civil Sub-Division since his time when the Congress party was strong in the Central and the State. .
The EJNC-Sumer Circle under the leadership of Sakilan Chyrmang, President of the Circle who visited the area also explained to the shopkeepers about the dangers of COVID-1
Market pricing has become a central part of everyday life.
However, if the government does not take these measures, the poor will be affected by the disease because according to what we know, how many people are hungry and thirsty in each village.
These households have left to build houses in Umbir village about 58 households and other places.
He said that like the Schedule Tribes, the implementation of the UCC is unacceptable in the state.
He said that the EC has also felt the need for the District Council to be located in Nongpoh as many of the people need to strengthen their land especially in the border areas for their convenience. “They don't need to go to Shillong,” he added.
I think this decision we will take now will be very important in terms of the rise and fall of the nation.
Laitdiengsai SC beat Thadan SC 3-1 in the first match while Mawpynieng SC beat Laitkseh SC 2-1 in the final match. Rangphlang FC beat Rangphlang FC 2-0
The Minister said that up to 80 CMYCs will be set up in the State.
• 560 lakh liters per day (LLPD) has been purchased by the cooperatives against the daily sale of 360 LLPD. • A total of 111 crore liters of milk has been purchased at a cost of T.4100 crore. The new scheme will provide less than @2% per annum to dairy cooperatives for the year 20-2
Visit dentists every 6-8 months and continue the visits.2.
Besides, Dr Mandaviya said that the Central Government has taken special measures in the field of health in an effective manner.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the State has risen to 890 with the death of four new cases, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. There are 4391 active cases in the State.
There has been a heated argument between the BJP leaders who have vowed to leave the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) led by Conrad K Sangma.
He said that the government will allocate funds for the construction of the Mawkdok Stadium this year after he has been monitoring it.
They believe in God but do not believe in the Son of God (Jesus Christ).
Manju and Toppo scored goals to ensure that the fourth quarter ended 7-0
Jowai, Naitung 27 : The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
All liquor shops including IMFL retailers, bars, canteens and outstills should close their liquor shops on 23, 24 and 26 June.
The Court said that the problem (lack of garbage dump in Jowai) has been going on for more than two months and the residents of Jowai have been too angry when they ordered the Government to provide a proper road. within 10 days to resolve this issue.
It is surprising to know that a Khasi who is very wise in caring for those who count shyieng.
Synrem said the Forum has also demanded the appointment of the head of the English and Political Science departments, who have been removed from the post of vice chancellor without any reason.
Although St.Anthony's College for the past 80 years has provided a great service in the field of education, it has served not only the Khasi-Pnar people, but many others in the North East. The first 25 years of the College were filled with dams and trees, especially during the years of the Second World War.
The union alleged that the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima, Bah Bashemphang Thabah, has been involved in causing many problems within the Hima besides the lack of accounts and the bank account of the Hima.
Through this Christmas carol, the Latyrke Youth Assembly wishes you all a Merry Christmas to commemorate the coming of the Son of God into the world.
“The purpose of developing drugs to fight against the spread of the corona virus is to distribute to all health workers and the public who are in the midst of the fight against the corona virus. COVID-19 pandemic,” said AL Hek.
Police have lodged a complaint at Rynjah Police Station under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawlai Mawïongrim Unit on Thursday arrested foreigners working in the state. boundary of Mawïongrim village without proper documents.
It is worth mentioning that on July 16, 2022, all the residents of the districts of South West, East Khasi Hills, and West Khasi Hills were filled with sorrow as many of their houses were destroyed. The roads have been destroyed by the earthquake and the floods, and the people have been in many difficulties where they cannot even drink clean water. The residents have complained and urged the authorities to take action on this issue.
Another issue of concern expressed by these Waheh Shnongs is the exposure of the people to the air, where the people especially the elderly, children, children breathe the air. The coke factories near the village are one of the biggest problems faced by the villagers which can affect their health.
Speaking to media, he said the Cabinet has decided to postpone the general election for the GHADC and the date of the election will be decided later according to the current situation. Covid-19 in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 6: As part of the celebration of Digital India Month, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri (Kong Kei) today inaugurated the Digital Classroom at Government Boys' Higher Secondary School, Government Boys' Higher Secondary School, Shillong. Shillong.
Even if you pass the ranks of Engineer in various lines, you will find that you are late for jobs and you have to stay at home and spend a lot of time, energy and money just to apply for jobs.
At the same time, he said that the riewblei ground is the best place to set up a coaching center for young football players and the ground still needs to be improved.
However, we still have hope because we don't have the Sixth Scheduled and we will demand to strengthen the Sixth Scheduled”.
Explaining about these households, who have been facing difficulties in getting food, the Ri Bhoi Police said that they have found that there are households where all the members of the household have disabilities. They also found that there were other households who had suffered the same fate.
Because of her old age, her bones are not free from shroin.
FKJGP Bataw and Lama Unit have requested the Jio Company and the relevant authorities to take action to improve the Jio network in these two villages for the convenience of the Jio Simcard users.
Every news of yours I see that many of them are news published without checking the truth and the reason and many of the news of Rupang can mislead the readers. Who sent you? This is the news.
The KSU said that many of the residents of the district are low income and cannot afford to go to Shillong for treatment and the lack of this health center has caused problems to the poor.
The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) has expressed its pride and congratulations to the athletes of the state for winning medals and encouraged them to work harder in their sports.
Lalremsanga was arrested unjustly in 2013 in connection with the seizure of drugs despite having a license to smuggle drugs.
She said that perhaps the ARPA can last until the end of the five years, but the replacement of CEM will be one after another due to the differences within the party, which they do not want to reveal.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Stephanson Mukhim congratulated the Seng Niamtynrai Padu Pyllun for implementing this scheme successfully.
“It's a kind of person but it's nice,” said the mother. “It's a nature that can't be destroyed,” said Banisha. for they had children and grandchildren.
Ladthadlaboh, after being ahead by one goal, tried to create chances to score and missed many golden opportunities.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Ohi Nongtdu, 27, of Shillong, has lost his life in a collapse of a well on Tuesday, 28th Jymmang The victim was arrested at Wailong Sutnga village in East Jaintia Hills District.
“If the women, youth and elderly have the cooperation in all aspects, we have the hope of winning the 2023 elections,” said Bah Pius.
This priest is not over smart.
The only way is for those Khasi women who marry non-Khasi people to abolish the Schedule Tribe as the villagers have complained to pass a law through the District Council to abolish the Schedule Tribe. They shall be considered as non-Schedule Tribes but shall be subject to the General Quota in all jobs.
The DGP said that police are investigating the CCTV footage to identify the suspects.
“We just announced to the people that for many years we have been thinking of the people and this time too we are thinking of the people and what will happen from now on is to improve the service because as the days go by, “This service of GVK is still declining due to the actions of the Government and the actions of the company because the Government spends while the income belongs to the company,” she said.
VITAMIN B5:—This vitamin also known as pantothenic acid is a type of nutrient that helps to relieve the body from rest and the presence of this vitamin B5 in the body also helps to maintain hormones. .
On this occasion, the union has sent them back to their place of origin until they have provided the necessary documents.
On Sunday, there will be a complete curfew in the district.
It was admitted that the Kyrmen Foundation has come forward to help in the purchase of equipment to participate in the Meghalaya Games, but Phermiki Salahe has immediately denied this request of the foundation. In sports, it is his relatives who support him in shooting Khnam whether in the state or abroad.
Shillong, June 09: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on 8th June 2022 has honored two medal winners of the 5th National Junior Kursh Championship organized by the Indian Kursh Federation (HYC) at Dhanbad, Jharkhand. from October 27- 29, 2022.
Speeches were also delivered by the Seng Biria U Khasi which is the Vice-President of Bah Enshon and the Lamare Kur.
The incident happened in 2007 when she was only 13 years old.
According to sources, the NCM's move is part of the efforts to shake the seat of the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, as if the Lamphang fails, the seat of the Prime Minister will fall.
Conrad K. Sangma said that Bah Sosthenes Sohtun is one of the MLAs in the state who has a real desire to bring about development in the constituency. The Jirang MLA usually meets with the Prime Minister from time to time and that will be to urge him to deliver development projects in the Jirang Constituency.
However, he admitted that Meghalaya has one of the best roads compared to other states in the North East.
Shillong, Nailur 20 : The Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) 2016 will come into force as scheduled from the beginning, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said.
This has been the top issue in many of the MPs and Cabinet Ministers.
He said that while the villagers were trying to plant these kseh trees, after a while it was witnessed that the smoke came out of the Karbi area.
The union said that the presence of too many gates in one district has disrupted the traffic of trucks.
He said that the church authorities have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of the district to inform the authorities of the road construction company to build the road. The DC as the head of the district has informed the IL&FS, Ramky Infra Pvt Ltd. the company to build the highway project.
This is the worst attack by Israeli troops.
Jowai, March 19: Leaders of the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit today raided the office of the CEM of JHADC after the CEM refused several times to meet with the members of the KSU Lakadong Unit. .
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Teiborlang said that after winning as MDC in 2019, he has not rested to bring about development projects in Mawlai Constituency. The MDC in collaboration with the Rangbah Shnongs has many responsibilities to work for the needs of the villages.
Although the team led by Bah Bobby L.Nongbet has beaten East Bengal away from home, it needs to make sure to win this match at home to qualify for the next round. you don't have to fight.
On the other hand, the Commissioner Secretary, Science and Technology, Saurabh Bhagat said that there are 22,494 government offices registered across the Union Territory with a consumption of 486 megawatts.
The new leaders of HANM, Ri Bhoi District who have taken the responsibility to serve the people of Ri Bhoi District include the President elected Bah Ajit Makri, Bah Dianghun Pnar as President General Secretary and other leaders and members of HANM in Ri Bhoi District.
If you pass only SSLC or HSSLC, you will still be considered a student.
The petition also said that the government will take action regarding the health centers such as PHCs, Sub Centers, as well as to release the land when registering within the border areas so that the people they shall dwell safely.
Shillong, Jymmang : Volunteers from community groups will receive training on disaster relief activities under the “Upscaling Aapda Mitra” scheme. " for the East Khasi Hills District, was inaugurated by Kong D. Phawa, ADC & CEO, DDMA, EKHD at a meeting held at the Central Training Institute, Mawdiangdiang. In the presence of P. Lyngba, DDMO, EKHD, B. Kharkongor, Commandant, CTI and others.
“Although the cost is high, we have received a reply from the State Government after we met with the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, who was ready to allocate money for us. " said Bah Sun.
Nongpoh, June 11: Many houses including trees and plants have been destroyed by the cyclone which struck several villages in Ri Bhoi District on Sunday night.
They said that during the months of April to June, they had to clean up the water, because the well from the place where they draw water for only half an hour has dried up.
He also admitted that it is true as Kong Grace said that there are only nine months left for the MLA elections in
Grateful Lyngkhoi scored 24 runs off 27 balls and Pyniarmi Sutnga scored 20 runs off 41 balls.
There is no Khasi man who wants to steal wealth from his son.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Marbaniang said that the incident happened at about 3:30 pm and the fire broke out quickly in which 13 vehicles were burnt down. you're burning.
They started marching from the school through Nongpoh to the DTO office and returned to the school carrying placards and banners with slogans against tobacco known in foreign languages. , 'Anti-tobacco day' many people have been affected by the bad habit of drinking these tobacco beverages.
But he said that God had said to him, "Do you want to fight against those people or do you want to fight against me?"
“If the new Education Policy 2020 comes, will we be able to meet all the requirements?
[yn dang bteng]Jesus rebuked them dozens of times, it was these false worshipers who condemned Jesus, Jesus died on the cross not for the sins he had committed, but for his died to save sinners (God's love for us).
Six candidates have contested including Balajiedkupar Synrem of the UDP, Joshua Warjri of the BJP, Batyngshain Laitmon Ryngnga of the Congress, Komen Laitmon and Grace Mary Kharpuri of the PDF. as individual candidates.
Shillong, March 5: A child who was found in the toilet on Tuesday morning has been discharged from Ganesh Das Hospital.
College in Jowai came second.
On these facts, it is understood that the power struggle between the two sides may be very tense.
There are 153106 people undergoing treatment and 169797 people who have recovered.
thok-shi-thok: you can't speak thankfully or lie.
“It's time to put that mobile phone away,” said the mother, who was surprised at his behaviour.
“Now they go to their constituencies saying that the NPP is bad and insulting and so on,” he said. Leaders from other parties because some of them don't know how to sign the files.
The Election Department has also awarded Grace Mary Kharpuri with a road roller as its chapter while Komen Laitmon has been awarded a car.
“It is regrettable and regrettable that the examination which was scheduled to be held at 3 pm could not be held and the students entered the examination center at 5.15 pm after the authorities NEHU has received permission from the NTA to conduct the examination without the need for biometric registration,” said the KSU. The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has requested that students should not be based on the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) for admission.
On that basis, you need the Dulir land to prove it.
Therefore, it is not necessary to say that alcohol and water go hand in hand with immorality.
Since 1969, discussions have been held to reduce or curb the production of weapons by countries and this has led to the social agreement SALT I in 1972 and SALT II in
“Hep, this is the only thing I will tell you to see if I have a friend.
“If you’re out after 9 pm, I don’t know how many of you, you’ll feel safe.
He said that the people of this region are very strong but if this Bill continues to succeed, it will change their way of thinking because they are afraid of being persecuted in their own country.
What happened in the year (1985-87) when the Chandrachud Committee was appointed to resolve the Pud, didn't it go anywhere? There was a Congress in Delhi, Assam and Meghalaya, something should have happened at that time, but no, it has become increasingly difficult.
According to a statement from the President of KSU Mawshynrut Circle, Samla Armstrong Sohshang, the march will be held on the 11th of this month which will also be the Shahlang Market Day.
The two teachers were identified as S Chetri (49) and TR Sangma (48).
Sonali Phogat, who will contest the election from Adampur in Haryana, asked them if they were from Pakistan.
According to sources, on that day, two robbers who pretended to be customers entered the CSP and opened fire with the intention of robbing money from the CSP. area.
Regarding the protest of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) against the end of the festival on Sunday, the Superintendent of Police (SP) Ri-Bhoi District Giri Prasad said that the The relevant departments and the village leaders have already met with the members of the JAC and explained to them, regarding the time of the start of the festival which has been postponed until the end of the service. .
The UDP won 11 seats and led the formation of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) 2.0 government with the joint support of the BJP, the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) and the People's Democratic Front ( PDF) who won two seats, as well as two Independent MLAs.
“Everyone has rejected this and I don't expect the office to be empty,” said Deborah, adding that she is still asking for a report to be submitted to the Prime Minister.
He said it is necessary to change this through the participation of local people and informing the country about the work of local activists, intellectuals, designers and athletes for the construction of a new India.
In this regard, the JSU together with the Union of Waheh Shnong Jowai has met with Ma Lahkmen Rymbui in August last year and sent a letter to Delhi to the Member Secretary NCTE in November year old dep.
Replying to the distribution of foodgrains under the PMGKY scheme to those who are not on the non-NFSA list, Conrad K Sangma said that all state governments have to follow the rules and regulations. the Government of India on the scheme.
However, the most important need of the people is adequate health facilities.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The 'Escape To Nongjrong' festival near Wah Umngot in Mawkynrew C&RD Block which started on 16th June, 2024 ended on the evening of 17th June, Bahun Marwein, Gracyl Ropmay, Banjop Nongbri, Wanjop Sohkhlet, Mar Local and others in the presence of tens of thousands of people not only from the area but also from the area. from all over the country including tourists from other states and outside India as well.
The Meghalaya High Court has also said that the quota should not be implemented only for those who are entry level.
Say the words as Jesus taught, “Thy will be done.
“Regarding the highways, the Shillong-Dawki road has been handed over to the NHIDCL and the Guwahati, Jorabat, Sonapur roads have been handed over to the NHIDCL. NHAI, these are under the Ministry of Road Transport of the Government of India, on our part we have ordered that if there is any incident they should take immediate action”.
A little bit about this race, the routes of the vehicles will be through bumps, roads paved with stones, or there will be parts where the vehicles will have to jam. through water sources or from streams or through areas where vehicles have to pass through narrow roads.
Many people went to the polling stations early in the morning to vote, and Bah Sandondor expressed the hope that the turnout will increase in the coming hours.
Am I the only corrupt person? If I am corrupt, let the law decide and I don't care if they hang me if it is legal but I will not allow anyone to turn me into a lion," he added.
Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President HYC West Khasi Hills, while talking to media, expressed his deep sorrow over the existence of these factories and also the existence of foreign workers without documents and He also asked whether these factories have received permission from the State Government or from the Villages and the office of the Hima Nongstoiñ as the area still falls under the Nongstoiñ Syiemship.
Other seizures have been higher than all the seizures in the 2019 Parliamentary Election.
They also expressed their surprise at the behavior of MeECL, Khliehriat where even to explain to the public, the government has not yet gone ahead with this method of drafting new bills through computers / software. The people and village leaders in East Jaintia Hills.
Bah Shanlang Warjri, candidate of the VPP, said that God has given him a spirit of responsibility in which he sees the children who are not his family, the poor families who have no relationship. but it affects him and it is because of God's responsibility that he stands in this position and that in this election although others hold rallies but the supporters of the VPP are strong and He said that in the struggle, they have already won more on the principles and issues than any other party.
Fortunately for the children and parents (although not for the teachers) that the tuition fees are still low even in private schools.
He said that during his election campaign by going from house to house, he found from the voters that there are many issues that are still pending.
He said that the loss of classes by the students in Ri-Lum Jaintia has been happening every year until the members of the union have been forced to take to the streets like in previous years. Govt College in East Jaintia Hills District to eliminate this problem every year.
He said the proposal came first from the office bearers of the UDP Mawphlang Constituency and they have also had discussions with the leaders of the UDP Central Executive Committee.
BJP Leader and Defense Minister Amit Shah on Friday at a public meeting in Tura strongly criticized the National People's Party (NPP) led by Conrad Sangma. , and said that Meghalaya is the first state in India in terms of corruption.
Khublei Shibun, May the Lord, the Creator bless you each and every one of you and your family as well. Thank you very much.
According to him, the recently released resolution of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) shows the dissatisfaction and decline in the quality of education in Garo Hills where the percentage of students passes are rare in the state.
In the 2021-22 season, he joined Mohammedan Sporting Club on loan in the second I-League, after which he returned to FC. Goa.
In the 10 Km race, Iohborlang Nongspung won the title while Marqueenless won the women's category.
“I am not happy when I was asked for clarification by the MPCC President in April 2013 on the allegation that I was involved in instigating the party candidate to win the 2013 MLA election from Pynursla constituency,” he said. Mr. Khan.
Andrew admitted that these insects have entered the workplaces, machinery and equipment placed in the fields.
Hundreds of ASHA workers dressed in blue jaiñsem on 15th November took to the streets with their children to take part in this protest.
Another incident is like this.
A bridge at Umshangkar Larem village near Nongsynrieh village in South West Khasi Hills District, has collapsed and suddenly fallen into the ground while a truck carrying nar rot was passing through this morning.
Dr. Sethi has chosen to work for the National Health Service (NHS) in the UK and has dedicated himself to serve the people of Meghalaya at NEIGRIHMS. Prof. C. Daniela, Medical Superintendent and HoD, Radiodiagnosis, NEIGRIHMS, said, “This appointment shows his dedication to work at NEIGRIHMS. Sethi on this recognition and being an expert in the field of health services.
The personal freedom of man to exercise his will in thought, education, employment and society shall not be violated or restricted by the freedom of others.
On the other hand, the JSU leaders recently met and sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and Bah Cyril V Diengdoh IAS in charge of the Home and Political Department of the Government. state in relation to this topic.
Investigation into the death has been conducted and information requested shows that on 20th June 2014, police seized two explosives, planted by GNLA militants, in road from Dopgre.
Shillong: The 6th Khongsit Kur Dorbar was held on 11th July 2020 at Mawmyrsiang Village, Rangshken BPO, East Khasi Hills.
These farmers are from the villages implemented by the North East Slow Food and Agrobiodiversity Society, Shillong with the support of the Social Service Committee, Shillong and SURE Jowai through the project. The conference was funded by the World Bank through the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency (MBMAS).
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Two months ago, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that he is ready to step down from the post of Chief Minister of Meghalaya if the Congress is in power. another leader who was more experienced than him.
Another woman asked, “Is it right for me to teach the school children at a time when the rice has not arrived?
This action of the old EC has prompted the new EC to seek an appointment to conduct another investigation as the house to be built should be strong and not just torti.
“This decision was taken on the grounds that in the last 50 years, MeECL has been run by officers of the state government who have also been in charge of other departments of the government. It is difficult for them to spend time, focus on MeECL to run its activities.
Nongpoh: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has announced that it will hold an award ceremony for those students. who have come forward at different levels of education.
The mayor of Kyiv has posted photos on social media showing the fires and damage caused by Russian shelling in the city.
Another David prayed – “O Lord, forgive my iniquity” (Psalm 25:11).
When the Act came into force in 2005, there were still many complaints and as a result, many cases related to the request for information were sent to the CIC office for consideration, but now they are less frequent because the PIO they better knew how to do it.
This is Ramana's speech at the 17th Justice PD Desai Memorial Lecture.
Another student of North Liberty HSS, Berenice Anerict Tang, resident of North Ladthadlaboh, Jowai, came fourth.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the President of the Union, Dr. Werlok Kharshiing, said that the meeting did not want to discuss the shortcomings or gains of the VAB. He said that the most important thing now is to re-empower the Rangbah Shnongs who have been dismissed by the order of the High Court. published November 10, 2014.
This will benefit the development of sports in Garo Hills and the state as a whole.
Asst Secretary Warning Khomglah, Treasurer Disuk Tariang, Executive Member Kesmi Tariang, Lowel Kasar, Jameris Khongiong, Wanphaibiang Amse, Philip Khonglah, Chyrniah Pohswet, Pasky Lamat, Small Lamin, Shemphang Tariang, Kliarbha Sana, Elvicer Kolvimen.
Therefore, he will not hesitate to contest the election this time and even if it is the first time, but if the people give their full support to win him and if the UDP can lead. He will fight as much as possible to convince the government to formulate policies for the development of farmers and to strengthen the market for agricultural products, so that the farmers can increase their income. get the court you earn.
To provide health care, it has set up a Dispensary at Nongjri itself with 43 LPs, 8 UPSs and a Secondary School.
On the other hand, Samla McDonald Nongrang President of HYC Mairang Circle said that the HYC will meet with the leaders of Mairang area and also the PWD department in Mairang to demand the construction of the The Seng should immediately repair this road which the Seng has seen with its own eyes.
The ruling party has 35 MLAs, including 19 from the NPP, six from the UDP, four from the PDF, two from the HSPDP and BJP, one from the NCP and one from the Independent.
This day is celebrated as the day when they received the rongser to show to the east, west, east and west that they are Khasi.
If the Hima/Elaka doesn't participate, the Hima/Elaka should come out and burn the Sanad to the public. What's the point of participating in this District Council and Sixth Schedule? cannot protect the border.
Referring to the coal mines which have been left without filling and improvement, the Minister said that the State Government has handed over to the Central Mine Planning and Design Institute (CMPDI).
In this regard, the RCDC has also directed that those who do not have EPIC/Marksheet should bring their EPIC/Marksheet and those who do not have EPIC should bring their parents' EPIC as proof. The deadline for submission of applications can be received by 20th November, 2022 and for all requirements please contact the members of the Ranikor Constituency Development Committee or write to Bah NN Thongni by sending the required documents. According to a statement issued by the Ranikor Constituency Leader, Bah Pius Marweiñ and Bah NN Thongni together with the members and office bearers of the RCDC. Ranikor Constituency Development Committee, South West Khasi Hills District hopes that through these opportunities, it will be a blessing and encouragement to the youth of Ranikor area to continue their education. In this area, there is still a shortage of students to become officers, doctors and others.
At the ceremony, the SP of Ri Bhoi District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa congratulated them and wished them the best of luck in their work. furthermore to provide the best possible service for the public.
There are also individual awards including MVP, Top Scorer, Defensive Player and Promising Player.
The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor, today said that the Central Armed Paramilitary Force (CAF) will be deployed at the polling stations in Sohiong to ensure that the election can be held. of Sohiong Assembly Constituency to be held on the 10th June 2023 in a clean, smooth and successful manner.
The funds were raised through the donations of the people and this year the total income has reached 40,000 tyngka from the donations and the purchase of 5,000 items per family for five people. .
When Jesus entered the city of Jericho, the people welcomed him with songs, dances and new clothes.
On the pending works in Amlarem Constituency, the former MLA of Amlarem Constituency said that during his tenure, he tried to set up a hospital in the Headquarters of the Sub Division and this has gone ahead but till now it has not happened. was successful.
But there was no answer.
“Due to the illegal mining and trade of coal, some factories have emerged illegally especially the coke and ferro alloy factories and most of these are located in Shallang, West Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills.
He said four persons were arrested in connection with the murder in Ichamati and one in connection with the incident in Mawlai Mawroh.
Lajong were beaten 6-1 in the last match.
Furthermore, the government has transferred and appointed 19 MCS officers, who hold the posts of Additional Deputy Commissioner and Assistant Commissioner.
The meeting was attended by the HNYF, Northern Region, led by the HNYF, Northern Region, along with the village leaders and residents of the area. President Marcus Marten and HANM, Women Wings, Sengkmie were led by Kong Beti Jyrwa.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has not closed the account of the Missionaries of Charity, but the State Bank of India has sent a letter to the Missionaries of Charity. Your account is not available at your bank.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, A Baranwal, in his speech, hoped that the school will improve from time to time and assured that the district authorities will assist as much as possible. the school in its efforts to improve.
He sat with them for about 20 minutes and before leaving he handed T200 tyngka to the daughter.
Thop shi thop jam and kjat until they reached the road.
It was prepared by the Kharakor Spiton Writer.
However, they have to submit their names to the office on or before the 14th of this month during working hours and those who come to register must bring their original birth certificates for verification. .
All the teachers of different groups are requested to attend the meeting and should meet their leaders from different districts and zones if they have any doubts,” he said.
Nongpoh, Lber 24: To achieve the goal of HANM to serve the people in the state, the HANM Sengkmie under the leadership of its President, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani on Saturday renewed the Two youths from Ri Bhoi District including Samla Ajit Makri have been appointed as the President and Samla Donroy Kshiar as the General Secretary of HANM in Ri Bhoi District. The newly appointed leader was appointed today at a meeting held at the Dorbar Hall Pahamsyiem.
There is no MOU 2011 and all the talks are new according to the Constitution and the wishes of the people.
“In the last five years under the BJP government, many development projects have come to the North Eastern States, whether it is highways, airports, which have been opened in many states. special scheme for low income households, free housing, electricity and others"
Based on what the World Health Organization (WHO) announces from time to time.
The basic teaching is to earn righteously, to eat from the ground and the commandment of God is that all should grow up and enjoy a peaceful, healthy and prosperous life.
The SP said that those arrested are not members of any group but only day laborers.
Shillong: The EC under the leadership of Bah Teinwell Dkhar, has lost in the polling, with 15 votes for the opposition and 14 votes for the supporters.
On the other hand, the Chancellor of USTM, Mahbubul Hoque, said that this may be the first time to hold such meetings of scholars and intellectuals at the USTM university. The aim is to improve the quality of education which is the empowerment of the youth to continue to progress in education and also to become those bright stars to serve for the country and you are a human being.
These foreigners also claimed that they pay T.3.50 lakh per annum to the shopkeepers, most of whom are not from Laitumkhrah.
Furthermore, this has undoubtedly affected the EMs of KHADC to take a decision without allowing them immediately, which has been to wait until the third time to recall them. that they should come and explain their grounds and that is enough for them to take a decision in any way on their findings.
SoSo Tham was not a healthy man, nor was he a rich man but he lived in poverty to serve his country and nation.
The MLA said that the area still has many shortcomings and one of the most important is the roads, in order to connect many villages in the area.
Police have also arrested three persons identified as Ranggam Marak, son of Bijen D Dangma, resident of Ampati, Sakwan Sangma son of Manjeng Marak, resident of Ampati. Konrad Marak, son of (L) Dominic Marak, resident of Matchakolkre.
When asked about the appointment of Executive Members, EM Ardent said that nothing can be said yet, and they will take a decision soon after the elections of CEM and Chairman. According to the ARPA, the CEM seat will go to Ardent Basaiawmoit of the HSPDP and Chairman of the HSPDP, Teilinia Thangkhiew. , Deputy Chairman of KHNAM MDC while the post of Deputy CEM although no discussion has been held yet but it is understood that it will go to Bah Teinwell Dkhar of the UDP. All the MDCs of the 3 parties have arrived.
If we understand, why don't many of us take the initiative to cast our votes while other nations in the north take the initiative? I am afraid that we don't know that we should take this seriously as a nation that claims to be in a Christian state.
In another match, Chhattisgarh and Jammu & Kashmir drew 1-1
I know better than I do.
The DC also warned that they should not arrest and drive them away and if found they will be punished.
A similar incident has happened in Jowai where a private school teacher has been stabbed to death by her husband.
For example, Assam has a BOP but Meghalaya has only an Anti-Dacoity Camp at Langpih and this will be upgraded to a BOP. discuss stories and resolve problems in these areas.
Therefore, on these issues, the government should take all necessary measures to avoid inconvenience and unrest in the villages.
He said that since the establishment of the Expert Committee, the sending of Bills to the Governor has become faster.
The entry fee will be T.7,500/- per group and the deposit will be T.5,000/-.
Nongpoh: A Tourist Taxi number AS 01 FC 6284, leaving Shillong for Guwahati, has collided with another vehicle at Wah Umran. I am from Umnget village in Ri Bhoi.
Ma Ngait completed Class VIII from Wahiajer Presbyterian Secondary School.
“Until now, no violation of the Act has come to the notice of the Government,” he said.
Singh was rushed to hospital, where he is in good condition.
Riddhiman Saha Urban Specialist World Bank, Keith Newman Waste Specialist International Consultant World Bank, Ebalari Suchiang Local Consultant World Bank and Bah Mark West Local Consultant World Bank among others.
He also urged the youth to use their talents properly because sports is one of the sources of income and employment if the youth use their talents properly. and especially to avoid alcohol and drugs such as alcohol, drugs and others.
In North Garo Hills, 16 cases have been confirmed.
Wahlang said there are about 500 employees of MCCL who have been without salary for 40 months.
FORMLD said that the residents of the village have now received a road scheme to reach the village.
There are currently about 2,500 such households in India.
It is the duty of the longkni to go to the house of the woman/man if that household is willing to receive their pyrsa/u pyrsa and marry their pyrsa/child.
Raafat Abu Hilal, the chief of Hamas's al-Nasser Salah al-Din Brigades, has been arrested, reports said. -Abd, was shot dead today by Israeli troops in a house where he was hiding in Rafah, Gaza.
Rohit Sharma, who took over as captain, scored 131 runs off 84 balls including 16 fours and three sixes.
The states in North East India, even if we live in the eastern parts of India, let's be like Southern India, they choose only regional parties and even the language they speak. They speak Hindi like in North East but they speak only their own language.
One day, on Tuesday, Santi said, “Sometimes in the excitement of talking I have forgotten your father's command.
According to Dr Mukul, the Commission has also discussed how to expedite the investigation and prosecution of the robbers involved in the violence against girls in the state.
“You should avoid such alcoholic beverages which not only disgrace you through your actions and illnesses, but also destroy your family and society,” said Streamly Niangti.
He said that the situation has not changed till today and they should stand up and fight for the sake of the country and the nation.
Shillong: The Executive Committee (EC) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to withdraw the Khasi Social Customs of Lineage Second Amendment Bill 2018 from the Government. you are in the council.
Shillong: KSU Umdohlun Circle under the leadership of Samla Aiciless Lyngdoh, General Secretary and Samla Pauldeep Tongwah, Secretary Employment and Development Cell of KSU South West Khasi Hills District They met with the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District to discuss the issues related to the increasing power shortage in Umdohlun area and to demand that the government should provide electricity to the villages. Those who are in the area have not yet received electricity.
We are an inheritance that saw the beginnings of those tribulations recorded in the Word of God.
“During the interview, all the candidates were informed about the type of job that the orderly peons should work for.
He said that the HNYM will fight against this issue with the entire Umtring village.
“Even the Mooist rebels in Jharkhand or Chattisgarh get their weapons smuggled from the North East,” he said in reply to a question on the Budget Session in the House today. on Tuesday.
Hemmari Beh in Mooriap (he is a Karbi but only because he is married to a Pnar)
At the same time, he pointed out that dust tax is 28% and every low-income family will have to spend on this in order to get a decent place to live.
Bah Jodi said that the dead fish are not only in this village, but also in neighboring villages like Mawkhan.
According to the Minister, the policy will also include a Monitoring and Evaluation Management to oversee the construction of the road by the contractors.
They confessed that after kidnapping and killing Damehipaia, they took the vehicle to Kalain village and sold it to Kalain village in Cachar district.
Here, it also explains to us that we should not trust in wealth or its possessions because it cannot give us satisfaction in our lives.
Seven children were seriously injured at the same place and were rushed to hospital.
There are 10 (10) Blood Centers and 13 (13) Blood Storage Centers in the state, and there are two (2) Blood Centers which have the equipment to distribute blood to “ Blood Components and a Blood Center with an Apheresis unit.
After receiving a tip about the presence of these people, a team of police went to Chandansar Road in Virar area and found that these people were illegally staying in the country.
Bah Banteidor also promised to donate 10 lakh tyngka for their expenses in the preparation of the celebration.
“In the past few days, when we see and hear that there are vehicles overturning in this area, we used to leave our homes to help, but since “We don't have to go to help, whether it's to rescue the small vehicles or to help those who are injured,” said the Rangbah.
He said that people who are seriously ill are more likely to get the virus.
Following the complaint from the shopkeepers, Minister Kharlukhi said that the Hima has received information from the District Administration and has come to inform them, but when it is understood that they do not accept. Minister Langstieh said that after hearing the decision that the shopkeepers do not work, he will take the report to the District Administration and try to resolve the issue. speak if possible.
John says, “And I saw the holy city, the new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God” (Revelation 21:2).
In my power, I will assist by talking to the Assam authorities if there is a high price by Assamese traders,” Goyal said.
Wadajied Ryngkhlem scored again in the 56th minute, Batskhemlang Jyrwa in the 58th minute and Batskhemlang Jyrwa in the 64th minute.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said, “We will sit down to discuss whether we should leave the NDA with all the party leaders of the North East”.
The topic of discussion on this topic was on the adolescents unfiltered.
Mawlai SC (which drew 1-1 on 23rd October) has now equalized on points with Mawlai SC.
Shillong, June 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma in a statement on Twitter has expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of former Chief Minister Bah JD Rymbai.
The Commission has directed the political parties to send written comments on or before 31st July, 2023 on this and other issues.
It may also be surprising to learn that recent research has shown that if the rice is not cooked properly, it can also cause Bam pong disease.
Two suspended Congress MLAs, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh (East Shillong) and Mohendro Rapsang (West Shillong) – also joined the NPP on Monday and resigned as MLAs. On Saturday, 27 students from the Kur Dkhar who have passed well in the grades and fields of study including under graduate, graduate and vocational education were awarded.
The 'Made of Chic Vibes' exhibition was held at the Blenders Pride Fashion Nights in Guwahati. all that the north east region of India has to offer- it’s a unique and meaningful exhibition, showcasing traditions, textiles, crafts from the state as well as artisans.
Five minutes later, Pynbha Suting, who had just appeared, had the opportunity to score the third goal which he scored with his right foot in the 73rd minute.
Therefore, the cooperation and assistance of all citizens in the country is urgently needed to fight this problem.
“When he (HDR Lyngdoh) died, he was still a candidate.
Women should be surprised and think again because in the past many decades no one has taken care of the problems of women.
The jhur palong is another of the wild jhurs that is powerful in the ability to concentrate.
There are also 90 polling stations on the Meghalaya-Bangladesh border.
In fact, the area in Jeidohkroh where the speed brakers have been installed should not be erected without any sign board or sign that there are no speed brakers in the area.
Shillong, July 2: Leaders of the Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma. The State Government has requested the State Government to increase the salary of journalists who are suffering from illness and at the same time, not to make this one-time payment.
The FKJGP fully supports the decision taken by the KJBWA, at the same time the FKJGP urges the government and the law enforcement authorities to conduct an investigation into the attack on the KJBWA members and at the same time to track down and arrest those involved in the crime.
The owners of houses from Mawlong-Mawtari and Umsawli villages, today, held a protest in front of the SP office. Under the leadership of Kong Agela Rangad, they held a protest. as an expression of opposition to the government's invasion of their homes.
The alliance was announced by BJP leader Ram Madhav and NEDA leader Himanta Biswa Sarma.
The Village Leaders of these two villages, including Bah Twinkle Buhphang, Rangbah Shnong of Umiam and Bah PL Kurbah, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlein, congratulated the Volunteers of the COVID-19 Management Committee of these two villages. Raja Brahma, BDO Umsning C&RD Block, who worked hard and took the initiative to complete the funeral of Bah Banteilang Rapthap Syngai.
The President also approved the resignation letter of Radha Krishnan Mathur as Governor of Ladakh.
It will help the preachers of the gospel of the Lord Jesus not to rest and sleep, but to work and continue to work.
(ii) The Clear Power of Election, by ensuring between the political parties and candidates contesting the election on an equal footing and to ensure that the election process is smooth and efficient. , as before, the instructions were issued according to the Constitution.
Nongpoh: U Conrad K Sangma, President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the joining of Dr DD Lapang to the National People's Party (NPP) is a great benefit and will strengthen the party. NPP party, not only in the state, but in other states in the country.
Joseph said he had no knowledge that any foreigners had applied for the job.
The new leaders were confirmed by Bah Bipul Thangkhiew President of RBYF Sengkmie in the presence of Bah RJ Thangkhiew Political Secretary, Denis Syngkli Organizing Secretary, Bawan Marweiñ Sports Secretary of RBYF Sengkmie and other leaders and units from various circles. at the meeting held at Umlyngkdait.
Through the protest, the residents demanded the immediate release of these youths, including Barson Lawai, Stanling Khriam and Dispar Mukhim from Sabuda village who were arrested on the night of the 10th. They were arrested from Umpaklong village and since the night of their arrest, the Assam Police have taken them to Ulukunchi Outpost under Boithalangso Police. Station, West Karbi Anglong.
Nongpoh: Regarding the murder of a 15-year-old boy from Nagrabil area, Umtyrnga, who was brutally murdered by bloodthirsty men, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, on Tuesday said that the murder of a 15-year-old boy from Nagrabil area. He said that such incidents should not happen in the society.
He said that in the past few months, there has been an arrangement that this month the state government will leave for Delhi to discuss the ILP. “It's not clear whether he will recover after 10 days,” he said.
“Bring some sweets here,” Santa ordered the housekeeper.
He said that this day is the day to empower them to become the soldiers of the nation.
NPP turn.
Teachers who have completed Class XII and who have scored less than 45% marks (ST/SC) and 50% (General) can also apply for the D.El.
For this reason, the whole match was counted according to the DLS Method where SGH had to reach 59 runs in these overs and Tura won by 16 runs.
On the other hand, the students said that as the youth, they want these MPs to take action for the youth in terms of creating job opportunities, to improve education in the state. in all aspects including the increase in the salaries of teachers because without teachers as students they will not be as they are now and as candidates they should also introduce laws to protect the teachers. Country and Nation.
Please be careful, because Bah Let and his family still hate you because of that place...” Lydia's father said, “Yes, Father, I don't understand, because I see. they are our enemies who are coming today.
Shillong: A bomb has been planted in the vehicle of Michael Pakyntein, a strong supporter of Congress candidate Mohendro Rapsang, Mawprem today. constituency.
He said that the agreement demanded by the ANVC when they came to the negotiating table with the government is still awaiting the decision of the Cabinet.
“The Government of India will provide T.3,000 per month to 10 crore citizens over the age of 60 years.
He said that this is not a victory, it is only the beginning of the struggle because there are still many issues that the VPP will come forward.
Speaking about prayer and faith, they said that prayer is practiced worldwide by all religious groups as a belief in healing.
We have explained these two methods because we believe that it will benefit the country if we can do so; it will also benefit the healing process.
“For about three months, the jhur market has been slow during the operation of the Society but as soon as the Society stopped running, the market has collapsed,” said BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kurkalang.
He said that the spread of corruption has also had a serious impact on the economic development and income of Nagaland.
Before this, the Holy Mass for the deceased was conducted by Fr.Fredinand Dkhar Administrator of Jowai Diocese. .
National Women's Badminton Team in the doubles; Treesa Jolly and Gayatri Gopichand have been forced to withdraw from the Swiss Open: BWF World Tour Super 300 after losing in the first round.
After more than a month of lockdown I have had the opportunity to ask many households, what are you afraid of at this time? They replied that we are not so afraid of dying from the disease but what we are afraid of now is “that we may die of starvation”.
However, the source said that the state government may not announce the elections because it will wait for the amendment of the Sixth Schedule.
Earlier, Prestone said that for Mawkynrew, they have handed over to Bah kynsing to look after and select the low income households about 4000 households. .
The committee said that the Government of India should erect a sign on the border between the two countries and pay compensation to the families who have lost their homes or farmland. and to provide assistance to these people, who are on the border between the two countries.
Conrad also spoke about the presence of Law Kyntang in Meghalaya and they are clean along with the traditional belief that has existed since ancient times to preserve the environment according to the knowledge and customs that have not been seen by the ancients. .
Shillong, March 09: The Single Bench of the Meghalaya High Court has referred the case to the Division Bench for hearing.
In the Under-13 category, Dareen A Lyngkhoi and WKH won the first prize while Rhema G Nongkhlaw and Ritisha Chettri (EKH) won the second prize.
The winners of the team event were Nice Carrom Club who came first and Ryntihlang Carrom Club who came runners up.
The transfer of Ms War is in accordance with the order of the Election Commission of India, which has banned government officials who have been in the same post for more than four years. which is in their place of residence.
It is not only Christians who do these things, but there are also non-Christians who do them.
On this occasion, Rupang spoke to Bevan Kynta, one of the senior lawyers of the state, who said that the authorities should also follow the rules of the Motor Vehicle Act. which is only allowed to cover iit, which has not been covered by the company and which is still subject to the rules of law.
Arju said the General Body Meeting demanded that MeECL should not take unnecessary steps in the name of improving the distribution, generation and transmission as this will cause problems in the future. department.
The awareness campaign also came from schools, government officials from Block, ASHAs and Anganwadi Workers.
Customize:In the Khasi culture today, a woman dresses like a man, wears boots like a man, wears a scarf like a man, rides a bike like a man and rides like a man. she walks like a man, she fights like a man, she fights like a man, she smokes like a man, she drinks too much alcohol like a man, she marries like a man. para-kynthei and one woman acts like a man to another, but she never has children again because she has changed and becomes a man.
However, five schools in the rural areas have tried to introduce this subject as part of the promotion and preservation of this traditional knowledge.
The Sengkhihlang Youth Association would like to congratulate the MLA of the constituency, Bah George Lyngdoh, MDC Rangkynsai Kharbuki, the Sports Club of Dieng Symmud, the Dorbar Shnong of Pyllun and the Sports Club of Mawbsein. Through the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi I ​​who gave the permission to hold this tournament.
Karadu Narasimha Reddy, 55, should have been named the most corrupt thief in India among many government employees.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, today said that the State Government is ready to spend for the development of literacy especially for higher education. in the field of Higher and Technical Education in the State.
“It is on this basis that we have had to reconsider (the MRSSAB) and we have also talked to various groups, a group of lawyers and the Advocate General so that we can move forward.
In Amlarem constituency, Pala received 12,393 votes and defeated Dr. Lakmen Rymbui. Mawthoh received 8860 votes, Shullai received 1141 votes, Romeo 104 votes, Samuel 108 votes, Bonney 111 votes and NOTA 75 votes.
The documents required are Aadhaar Card, birth certificate and School ID. School girls were not allowed to enter the public bus which crashed at Tura Hawakhana, West Garo Hills.
The state government has also launched an inquiry into the deterioration of NRHM medicines worth Rs 4 crore stored at the Central Warehousing at Lawmali, Shillong.
Ma pala has T.10 lakh in his pocket while he has T.5 lakh in his pocket.
Furthermore, the police of the out post, after seizing the truck, have sent and informed the police station for the purpose of registering a case and to investigate. do all the necessary things.
“School children should not be allowed to bring too many books or any other items,” said the statement. The statement also said that students should be encouraged to study regularly. their own chapters to fulfill.
I don't know whether the government can collect revenue from these hotels according to the expenditure it has incurred to cover the loss.
They are people who believe in the puja sacrifice said to live near them.
At the same time, he said that the union has urged the farmers not to slaughter the cows that have died of the disease and to take good care of them. sick cows so that the public can escape from the danger and if the union finds it has to lodge a complaint with the law enforcement authorities.
The petition also states that regarding the appointment of MDCs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and GHADC, they should be (1) intellectuals or intellectuals who have received recognition by the Central Government or the State Government in the field of education.
Shiva Thapa is the son of (L) Nar Bahadur Thapa who lives in Moosalyngkat, Jowai and works as a muster roll at PWD.
“Refrain from politicizing this issue and the decision taken by the government to relocate the people from Them Metor to the land owned by the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) and if you want to know, please contact us. “I will explain everything to you so that you can understand,” said Prestone.
Also present on the occasion were the President of KSU War Jaintia Circle Samla Laitphar Syngkrem and the Waheh Shnong Ma Bnai Syngkrem who was the chief guest on the occasion. KSU Shnongpdeng Unit has been able to donate tins to the residents of the village which is one of the greatest blessings for these poor families. to seek assistance for the needy people in the village.
On the other hand, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, sent his condolences on the passing away of the former MLA from Laitumkhrah.
Precious Tang (7′,16′, 36′, 44′) and Manhok Suchiang (15′,27′, 38′) were the two top scorers of the match who scored a hat-trick.
Warjri strongly condemned the reluctance of the 60 MLAs and 30 MDCs of the Autonomous District Council to force the government to pass the Bill.
South Korean media said the government employee had contracted the disease after traveling to China.
The Church does not provide Car Passes as all the parking lots are close to the venue.
On the other hand, Bah George B Lyngdoh also asked these people how much I have done wrong that they have to come and threaten my husband, children and my family, that they have to touch even She also appealed to the people to be wise in their judgment, as the state is looking forward to Umroi to produce the leader of Ri-Bhoi and the state.
He knows what is evil and does it and he knows what is good but he does not do it.
“We’re not like a commodity that can be bought to us.
Sohiong beat Pynursla 10-0
He added that although there has been no payment, the PWD Department has agreed to provide some assistance in the announcement of the wells or houses if these land owners need.
Besides, she is also like a healer of the sick or of a broken spirit.
Therefore, he hoped that through the presence of leaders in the Regional Committees who have learned to work and who have also visited the border areas, the issues will be resolved.
The party also sends its condolences to the family of (L) Rinal Lamare and prays to God to bless them.
It is not difficult to smuggle drugs, especially heroin, because it is easy to hide.
Our MYE Card scheme and promise to create 3 lakh jobs will be the first step to eradicate unemployment which is an epidemic in our state.
Nongstoiñ: The Nongstoin Zonal Committee of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Saturday held a meeting to renew all the office bearers of the Parent Body, Youth Front and other office bearers. The meeting was held at the Rikhasi Free Morning School in Nongstoin.
JFK Marak, MPS, Commandant 2nd MLP Bn, Georagre West Garo Hills, Tura has been transferred as Commandant of SF 10, Shillong from the date of his death. shall not take office until further notice.
“We are not politicians.
The woman immediately informed the paramedics, but they could not help her.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 397 new cases have been confirmed and 2360 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Regarding the Independent MLA of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Julius K Dorphang, MPCC President Dr. DD Lapang wants to clarify more on the reply he gave today to the media. They asked their questions so as not to mislead the public that the MPCC has a bias.
Even the NCP has not called for a meeting to discuss the issue but has met on the streets.
On the other hand, the residents also requested that while the construction of the road is in progress, the authorities should pour water to avoid excessive heat and flooding.
By Bah Forwardman Nongrem I came to stay in a village here in Ri Khasi five years ago and during that trip I came to stay in the house of an elderly man.
He said that KHNAM will not allow the formation of the EC by the Congress which is the ruling party from Delhi which does not understand the situation of the people in the state because everything has been done only from Delhi. The MLAs and MDCs are just the heads.
The Seng immediately demanded that the management of Adsan Mahindra within the boundary of Mawiongrim village should immediately resolve the issue within a day but otherwise the Seng will take other strict measures against them. this car sales company.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Phyrnailin Jyrwa, who is also the mother of the child and also the sister of the mother of the child, said that on the first day of the 10th After receiving information from a friend of hers that the child had been seriously injured due to the abuse by his father, she immediately went to visit the child and immediately When they reached the ground floor of the house, they heard the cry of the child and when they entered the house, they found the father beating the child and the child was lying clean and naked.
He said that as a former leader in the state, he has promised to be with the university in any field to improve education, as the presence of the university has been a great blessing to them. Students from the North East to continue their higher education.
It is expected that the return of the troops to the state will be after the installation of testing units in various places and also in their own camps.
The purpose of this training is to raise awareness among the public and drivers on road safety and to avoid any accidents.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: Ka Betasi TV and CSWO this evening held a candlelight vigil at Khyndai Lad to express their condolences to the families of those who died due to electricity shortage in Khyndai Lad. Seven people have lost their lives in the same house.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) today strongly criticized the Congress party for alleging that the NPP is Team B of the BJP. She has joined hands with the BJP in the recent Executive Committee of the Jaintia District Council.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong said that he is a good example for others who have the spirit of compassion to reach out when their fellow citizens are in need.
At present, many aid groups from around the world have turned to Gaza and said the situation in Gaza is also very difficult.
However, their respect is only because there is discipline as they swore when they completed their training”.
The KSU under the leadership of Kwilness Suchiang General Secretary, Finance Secretary Shaniahskhem Dkhar together with other members donated sleeping clothes, food items and household items.
Speakers included SDSEO Khliehriat, Perina Dkhar, DSEO Khliehriat, Bah LS Lyngdoh, teacher of Tluh Secondary School, Tasiana Kympat, B.A(Hons) B.Ed. The District Award was also presented on this occasion.
After delivering the sohpieng to the residence of the Chief Minister, Dr. Manik Saha also announced the donation by the Chief Minister.
The Court will also seek the opinion of the Government of India on the issue of the powers of the Chief Executive Members, said a statement from Ma C Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Dorbar ki Daloi of Jaintia Hills. Jowai.
The awards were presented to Lumshyiap Village, Darechikgre Village and Dura Kantragre Village.
The Government of India also obliges the Government of Meghalaya to inform the Panchayati Raj Department of any changes or other matters relating to this matter, as soon as they arise.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the party candidate from Sohiong, Bah Samlin Malngiang said that the meeting was to pave the way for the district and the Sohiong Block NPP to work together for the upcoming elections. on January 10, 2023.
Jha was arrested from Patna, Bihar and brought to Shillong after the Chief Judicial Magistrate ordered him to be under police custody.
“When shall we surprise mankind from all these things starting from our homes to the society so that we can become a strong nation in all aspects?”
Prestone said the state government has already changed the rules of transportation for passengers according to the capacity of the vehicle and also in terms of the price. The government has directed drivers to charge the same price as in the past and said that in the case of private vehicles, the odd and even driving rules will continue until further notice. da cum wei.
Pala said the UDP party should find out the truth and should bring the truth about this department, because this department has been appointed by a minister from the UDP party. He said that according to information, each child should receive 1 grm of rice in primary and 1.50 grm in upper primary and there are 3.85 lakh children in primary and 1.5 lakh in upper primary in the state. and if counted, up to 2560 tonnes of rice per quarter.
“The VPP MLAs are against the appointment of retired Lokayukta but in the past they demanded a Reservation Policy to provide jobs to unemployed youth but when they are appointed they are against.
Some people accuse me of being a close friend of Gigur Myrthong, but friendship and family should not be mixed, because I have my own view but it is different from what he sees".
The participating teams include Catholic Youth Sports Club Mihmyntdu, Women's Dongmihsngi Sports Club, 7 Wasa United and West Jaintia Judo Association.
He said that for this purpose, the KHADC has allocated T.50 lakh to spend on research on these issues.
On seeing the police and BSF, the Bangladeshi and the driver of the vehicle fled but the police and BSF stopped the vehicle at Kuliang.
At the pond, Dr. Mohrmen told the youth about the story of Sajar Nangli and the story of Thadlaskeiñ Pond.
We are pleased to correct this error and request Ms. Cherry not to feel anything.
Dr DRL Nonglait on behalf of the Khasi Authors Society, Rev P Hynniewta on behalf of the KJP Assembly and Prof C Pariat laid a wreath at the statue of Thoma Jones at Synod College. , for the Synod College.
Shillong: With more than two months left before the end of the term of office of the District Councils, the NPP-led MDA government today appointed MDCs in the GHADC.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The BJP Meghalaya on Tuesday said that it does not agree with the police search operation in the city during the hours while people are asleep.
SC but with a goal difference of +6 to +1.
Mawten Sports Club invites those who wish to participate in this tournament to call – 94361-73745/94025-5
“T.144 crore from the NLCPR of the NEC has been returned to the central government because the state cannot use it,” he said.
When it was 2 o'clock, the o'clock was tied 2 times.
The Director General of Civil Defense and Home Guards, Kulbir Krishan, said that the department will provide training to women on how to protect themselves without using weapons.
“It is surprising how the MPCC has given ticket to a person who has resigned from the Congress party within a few months and why it has given ticket to a person who has not resigned from the party. NPP” said the Congress members and leaders in a statement from KBCC Secretary Rimistar Dkhar.
When you walk, stand, work, work, you need to be well-disciplined in all respects, and you also need to live in the power of prayer to the God in whom you believe and trust.
This is a major project implemented to promote the export of agricultural products, fruits and forest products and to set up marketing centers and provide credit to farmers.
On October 16, 2015, Ranjit Kumar, Solicitor General of India, New Delhi, sent a letter to Ajit Seth, Cabinet Secretary, Rashtrapati Bhavan. New Delhi, where he said that all the state authorities in India should ensure strict compliance with the order issued by the Supreme Court on the 23rd. The letter was also sent to LM Sangma Secretary, Law Department, Government of Meghalaya.
However, as the foreigner has not been able to pay the amount demanded, the MPUF leaders have lodged a complaint today.
She has also been deprived of her private school because she does not have Aadhaar for herself and the students.
The Governor and the Government cannot remove the Chairman and CEM of KHADC as they are not appointed by the Governor, but elected by the House, he said.
Wahiajer SC beat Dulong 2-1 in the Kharkongor Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Thursday.
On the Benami Transaction, the union said it does not accept the laws of the state government because they are too weak and wants to implement stronger laws of the central government.
Interestingly, there are other Principals with a strong Principle who have shown the difficulties and consequences if this policy is implemented in
Before the discovery of America, people did not know how to smoke cigarettes or cheroot.
After receiving a tip, police rushed to the scene and seized the bus.
While the garbage truck release program of KHADC and Hima Mylliem, was holding a meeting in Ïewduh, some foreigners were seen selling shana on the footpath of Ïew Mawlong, as usual. .
After a complaint came to the office of the Syiem of the Hima, he said that the Syiem had also summoned the leaders of the Kur to speak clearly, but on the day he had appointed to speak, the Syiem Stophianly Lyngdoh Paliar, Bah Stophianly Lyngdoh Paliar, has been removed as the Lyngdoh of the the whole Kur.
He said that it is necessary to increase the number of police in the border areas and not in Them Motor to protect the indigenous people.
Singhvi, who has contracted the disease and his wife, has also contracted the flu and they are staying away from home these days.
In Lum Jaintia, the Sengbhalang has extended the curfew, saying that there has been a strong request from the people such as church groups, clubs, Dorbar Shnongs and others.
In his welcoming speech, Rangbah Mynjurlang Langdoh Pyrtuh, General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong, reminded that Sohmynting Village is rich in natural resources. The holy forest belongs to the Kyndait clan and to the Langshiang clan.
“There is no evidence for Dr Mukul's statement, this kind of allegation can be made, he is surprised that in his capacity Dr Mukul would say such a thing.
Other reports said Apple Inc. has removed 29,800 Chinese apps, including 26,000 Chinese-made games.
Shillong: There has been a difference of opinion within the KHNAM party and its MLA/MDC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
It is also time for the people or various political parties to take action to discuss this issue, with the expectation that the 2023 elections will be clean and transparent, without any fraud. money of the people, by buying votes with government money.
Others arrested include Mehbooba Mufti and former Chief Minister Omar Abdullah, who have been arrested since Sunday night.
“Conrad Sangma has now become the Conman.
Those who apply for the post of LDA cum typist are only those who have completed class 10 or class 12 and above, while those who apply for the post of peon are only those who have completed class vi and above.
Dr. Nalin Mehta, said that it is important to educate the public, but it should be ensured that this method of education should be based on the mind regarding bampong.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by the Secretary of the RDA, Bah KP Pangniang, who gave a report on the performance of the RDA so far. bomb.
Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city (Revelation 22:14).
The Khasi New Year was celebrated on the night of 4th and 5th November, 2021 at the home of Bah Spiton Kharakor in Nongkseh.
They said that in the past, when they went to buy cows from the market, the sellers did not dare to tell if there were cows that they intended to export to Bangladesh, but now these sellers are not afraid to buy cows. They said that many of the cows in the market were smuggled to Bangladesh.
Nongpoh, Lber 26: One of the youths of Ri Bhoi District, Samla Alber Maring of Umdap village, has urged the youth of Ri Bhoi District and the state as a whole that we should not feel that we are doing anything. task.
In today's world where government jobs are very scarce, the private sector has become another source of employment for our youth.
They also thanked the Dorbar Shnong of Pahamsyiem for providing the venue for the meeting. They also thanked the office of the Deputy Commissioner and the office of the SP of Ri Bhoi through the Traffic Department. The security forces said that the meeting was a success without any incident, but the people joined hands to show the spirit of cooperation for the purpose of listening to the issues of the Rahul Gandhi said that he had come to speak on the occasion of the Bharat Jodo Nyay Yatra.
Under the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM), 8663 SHGs have been set up and 5728 SHGs have been linked to banks at a cost of Rs 62 crore in 2021-2
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya Electronic Media Association in a statement, President Kyrmen Uriah, strongly condemned the incident.
The VPP is a political party for all the people of Meghalaya that is stronger in terms of the rights of the indigenous people.
The most famous stories are about the hero Birsa Munda, who lived a simple life, but who was determined to drive out the French who invaded in the past hundreds of years; and another story is about an English girl who deceived a shepherd just because of the sounds of her voice.
Speaking to media, Conrad said, “The reason is clear that the party does not hesitate to oppose the CAB, for the sake of the people”.
A team of inquiry has been appointed headed by DG Syiemiong Joint Secretary KHADC and directed to submit its report within six months.
“How many Rangbah Shnongs have been bought by you to sell your land at such a high price,” said HANM. At the same time, it strongly condemns the KHADC for not doing anything on this issue. to Marwari.
Nongpoh: A poor family in Nongkhrah village in Ri Bhoi district has received a perfect house after the donation by the Union of Catholic Elders Zone-VI, Shillong Archdiocese.
Shah, in his speech in Parliament, said that seven civilians were shot dead on November 4; They suspected that they were terrorists and that they did not stop the vehicle when the soldiers stopped them.
Because they don't have any documents to prove, the union has expelled them.
I would like to conclude by saying that a wise general doesn't reveal in advance what he intends to do, he knows what to do at what time and in what place and he doesn't want to tell what his battle strategies are. the enemy is the church.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Army has arrested 49 persons for carrying fake citizenship documents at the JN Stadium, Polo.
The Khasi Jaintia Labor Union (KJU) through its President AP Sylliang has expressed its support to these youths and urged the government to employ them.
“The expenditure of money in the preparation for the elections is terrible because where does that money come from and where do they collect what they have spent?” he added. Everyone should think when we vote because the election is not just a spectacle or to mislead the public but it is the responsibility of us to think far ahead about the future of the State.
“I don't want to end up talking but the work should go as planned,” said Bah Chyne and added that as part of this plan, he has also implemented more schemes in this village according to the He said that there are only about 10 MLAs in the state who are trying to implement the scheme.
The Department of Paediatrics, headed by Prof. Himesh Barman and Senior Residents Dr. Ivan, have provided the necessary treatment after the surgery. Derick Thongni, Dr. John Biswas, Dr. Deisar Muksor and Dr. Kapil Sharma.
The chiefdoms of Bakhlapara, Umsohbar, Warmawsaw, Umtang, Lyngkhung, Jimbrigang, Hawla, Bernongsai, Balakhawa, Akhonijira, Ranibari, Bilpara, Helher and Patgang.
U Ma L Nartiang Branch Manager, Apex Cooperative Bank Pvt. Ltd, Amlarem, also attended and explained the assistance that the bank can provide to the muster roll employees.
As of Saturday, about 400 of these species of aquatic animals have died of the disease around the sea.
“They have not listened to us. We have also taken this issue to the North East MPs Forum which is for all parties to listen, but no one has listened,” he said.
Shillong, November 25: The Thma U Rangli Juki (TUR) has strongly opposed the order of the Meghalaya High Court to implement the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1958, in Garo Hills.
The HSPDP has authorized Bah Martle to meet with Bah Samlin to get a clear answer to leave the party. MDCs of Mawkynrew did not even have the opportunity to meet.
Heltwis Pyrtuh scored the first goal for Da I in the 45th minute while Living Suja scored the second goal for SCSC Nonglatem in the 60th minute.
Relatives of any missing person can identify the deceased at NEIGRIHMS, Shillong and contact the following numbers – 0364-2224818/2224400 and 0364-2
Speaking to u SP News Agency, BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kurkalang said that the BJYM has demanded that the government should delete the government number plates written on the vehicles and should also pay taxes to the vehicles. government.
Therefore, even if you do not take part in the Holy Mass, you should pray at home.
On this occasion, Bah Paul promised to donate 10 lakh tyngka to the Seng Kynthei.
“We feel that the film industry has a lot of potential but we have not been able to use it well,” he said.
Not only that, Pala said the problem is that there is no mining policy yet and it is the duty of the state government to interpret the order issued by the court. If the coal belongs to the government or the landowners and if the coal belongs to the landowners, the state government has to prepare a blue print or master plan in what manner to The land has to have a geographical information system and many other requirements so that mining can be done and until now these requirements have not been met. The government has gone to survey the land whether the land owners have allowed the government to conduct a survey for the purpose of drafting the policy and till now it has not been drafted so where will the coal come from, he said.
He also gave her some medicine to drink.
Bah RM Shabong Bah PN Syiem, started his political career with the Congress party, where he rose to the post of MLA from the Syiem of Bhowal Hima and became MLA, MDC and Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills. The District Council has been in existence for many years.
The people who have been declared Containment Zones have been warned not to leave the Containment Zone and at the same time the people who are in these houses have been warned not to leave the houses. to dwell in the houses.
“On 5th June 2018, the party has submitted a petition to Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of the state which includes several issues that affect and need the Jaidbynriew as a demand for immediate implementation. the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the inclusion of the Khasi language in Schedule 8, the transparency in the MPSC examination, the demarcation of the border, the Indo-Nepal Friendship Treaty 1950, Education Policy and others,” said the KSU statement. Furthermore, the KSU said that this government has been in power for five years but no signs have been seen in the implementation of the and to achieve the issues that the party has set before the government in
When asked what further action the government will take against the police chief if found guilty of abuse of power, the Minister said, “We will investigate thoroughly in all aspects. but it is not a misuse of power...we will see how it is.
In Dkhar, it is easy to use jhaj, liengheh and diengrit because the rivers flow only in the plains and fields.
Shillong: There have been 38 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
On the same day, the UDP North Shillong also released a song for Dr Aman War in the upcoming elections sung by Samla Bahun Marweiñ and the group.
When asked who gave permission to build a new building in Them Ïew Mawlong, Bah Bless said, “As it appears from the notification that the new building has been suspended, it is MUDA who gave permission. permission, does not have the power to stop the new construction".
It was also a sign of understanding and understanding of all, especially in front of foreigners.
The government authorities have not been able to take action against this group because all the teachers have expressed their dissatisfaction, without violating the law, and there has been no violence or even violence. There was also a traffic jam in front of the Secretariat.
The youth did not lodge an FIR as the police came to the scene and registered a case themselves and an officer of Sadar Police Station agreed to investigate the incident.
Apart from the receipt of T.2,339 crore, the total revenue is estimated at T.19.442 crore, he said, adding that the total expenditure is estimated at T.22,022 crore including revenue expenditure. capital expenditure is T.17,186 crore and capital expenditure is T.4836 crore.
Despite the lack of weapons, this fighting witnessed a lack of discrimination between the Garo use of swords and spears which is completely different from the rifles used by the British troops at that time. However, in the midst of this struggle, the Garo appeared as heroes because they fought to the death, and Pa-Togan stood as a hero and was killed by the silver bullets of the Garo. the British army.
JOWAI : While India is fighting against poverty through the Swachh Bharat Mission, the campaign launched from 2014-2019 which aims to build roads, streets and infrastructure in the country has been completed. In Jaintia Hills, this mission has been successful.
He suggested that the appropriate way is to gather the intellectuals of the nation, gather the civil society and ask for their demands for the betterment of the nation and that the civil society should not He said that policies and issues should be formulated to convey to the people and if they win, they should also hold the leadership of the government. “However, without going through this path, Bah Ardent and Dr. Don have met quietly just because of their own fear, the unity should not be only for these 2 “It's for the whole nation,” said Bah Shylla, recalling the incident in 1978 when the government of three ethnic parties came to power and passed the Land Transfers Act.
Bah Kharmawphlang also requested the Sordar Shnongs, representatives of political parties through Booth Level Agents to help disseminate and explain to the people that EPIC is necessary to take the necessary action in time. .
Today, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, Vincent H Pala, Wansuk Syiem and other Congress leaders met with the President of India, Pranab Mukherjee. He will fight against such an incident in the Congress ruled states in the North East.
The Governor of Meghalaya has been accused of assaulting a woman who is running for the post of Public Relation Officer (PRO) in his office at Raj Bhavan. state.
HSPDP MLA Rambrai, Samlin Malngiang MDC Sohiong, Blanding Warjri MDC Mawthadraishan, Grossper Ryntathiang and others were present at the meeting. even.
They have only three,” said Bah Shylla.
He said the entry fee for the tournament is only T.3000 and the prize money is T.1 lakh for the winner, T.50 thousand for the runner up and T. T.10,000 for the third place team and there will also be individual prizes.
Lane does not hire skilled workers in the company.
Shillong, Lber 21: Four candidates have filed their nomination papers for the Lok Sabha elections from the 1st Shillong Parliament Constituency.
However, without hesitation, the men were happy to take part in achieving the goal and it was successful.
Both the tournaments were organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Thus man was created not to live on this earth, but to live for a while.
After Umbri was recognized as a full village, L.Marak was elected as the Rangbah Shnong of Umbri and Bah E.Nongrum as the Secretary of the village.
Furthermore, when you go up and down whether in the city or in the countryside, many people know and hear the name of Paul Lyngdoh and the recognition of the people in all places is something that can improve and improve the Seng especially if you can lead me.
Nongthymmai, Naitung 15: The KSU Nongthymmai Circle together with the Tramline Badminton Academy on Tuesday launched the Maitshaphrang Khasi Badminton Tournament
S&CC Stadium and Iatyllilang Sports Club have won the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
Ňiuma, in the State, the Dorbar Shnongs, despite many shortcomings and lack of anything on their part, have been a force that has supported the State Government and if it were not for their initiative and hard work, , the State and the City have long been destroyed.
He told the Principal what he wanted.
Secondly, the increase in traffic jams on the National Highway of Nongstoiñ as well as in the villages.
If this person continues to insult, we, as FKJGP, will hold a rally on the 7th of June, under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Linguistic Minority Development Forum, to hold a rally in Khyndailad. ," said the Seng.
We don't care if it comes first in terms of poverty or literacy, but as long as there are festivals, it's enough! We don't care about the right things, but we are quick to do things just to make fun of the festivals! The poor are suffering more than the rich, they are becoming more and more poor, those who are involved in drug abuse are increasingly involved, but the festivals are spent from the government budget (which is in fact the We have shown the world that we are too interested in charity and entertainment, and we don't have time for greater and more important things that affect us. you are the life of all.
On the other hand, the union from Garo Hills has demanded that the government should take necessary action against these illegal trucks by taking the name of transporting coal. the loss of revenue of the State Government.
He said that the village authority has created the mechanisms to provide assistance to the poor families from the government but so far there are still a few people who have received assistance from the leaders of Pynursla. constituency.
Jowai, Jymmang 22: The Deputy Commissioner & Chairman of the District Disaster Management Authority, Jowai has announced to all the residents of the villages to be vigilant during the storm to avoid any injury especially in relation to the storm. fire and also to check the electrical wires in the house.
If a child under 2 years of age has not been vaccinated before but gets vaccinated now, he will be protected from 7 types of diseases known as Diphtheria, Pertussis, Tetanus, Polio. , Measles, Rubella and Japanese Encephalitis.
Police in Ri Bhoi District on Friday arrested three drug dealers from a Super Bus in Nongpoh area and seized drugs from them.
When such rulers appear, the land of our Jaitbynriew will be taken away by the foreigners and the Dkhars.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Sports Department of the State Government today welcomed the team of leading players of the State who won the Khelo India Youth Games
Shella, Naiwieng 01: The Kher Youth Association, Shella has commemorated the 73rd death anniversary of (L) Rev JJM Nichols Roy.
Five people have died today, bringing the total number of deaths from covid-19 in Assam to
Young people should never be afraid because it will be for their good in the future.
The Dienshonhari defines the dulir-juban-tyrwa as a public announcement of political candidates, and the purpose of the group as a political party.
At the same time, they have demanded that the government should install LPG cylinders in the kitchens under PM Poshan, to avoid the use of wood (dpei) which affects the health. health and the environment as well.
The Home Minister should remove the letter from Delhi saying that they do not want to talk about the IOA – If such a letter and letter can be published, it will be clear that India has concluded. The Khasi Hima has become its own country and India has no right to interfere or if it abolishes the Instrument of Accession & Annexed Agreement, it means that the Hima Khasi have become its own country. that all governments are tyrannies.
The idea of ​​having one powerful nation to rule over the countries or the world or having only one religion, one language, one culture or thought is against the will of God the Creator.
It was also the residence of the Deputy Commissioner, Colonel Henry Stuart Bevar.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHASA) has implemented the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, 1997 to preserve the uniqueness of the Khasi.
These areas are Langpih in West Khasi Hills, Borduar, Nongwah, Mawtamur, Deshdoomreah and Block II in Ri Bhoi and Block I, Psiar and Khanduli in West Jaintia Hills District. .
Shillong: Samla Balajed Ryndong (singer) has won the title of 8000 tyngka in the Solo Lockdown Talent Competition (SLTC) organized by Commander Shangpliang Film. and that they have been financially assisted through the film 9-Lad.
Or I will send a pestilence among my people.
The union demands the immediate arrest of these two people who have incited ethnic hatred against the people of Meghalaya.
One of the biscuit vendors, who did not want to be named, told this reporter that after Banteidor Lyngdoh promised to open the biscuit market to Bangladesh, he tried to find a market. .
The ZPM government has also made history by appointing Lalrinpui from Lunglei East Constituency as the first Minister.
However, the wisdom of the party leader has impressed the supporters of the party today, in which he has been able to produce a candidate who is qualified in terms of education, character and personality. It is truly responsible for the problems of the people in the Constituency, District and the State as a whole.
The Meghalaya team consists of Akash Kumar Choudhary, Anish Charak, Bamanbha Shangpliang, Dippu Ch Sangma, Jas Kirat Singh Sachdeva, Kishan Lyngdoh, Lerry G Sangma, Lakhan Singh, Md Nafees Siddique, Raj Biswa, Sanvert Kurkalang. , Swarajet Das, Nakul Verma, Rajesh Bishnoi, Tanmay Mishra.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Election Commission of Meghalaya and Assam will meet tomorrow in Shillong to discuss the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 9th June.
But we still know as the rich man knew Lazarus (Lk.16:23,24).
Shillong, Nailar 11: The JAC of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs (JSC) has announced that a public meeting of the Dorbar Shnongs of Ri Lum Khasi-Jaintia will be held on the 22nd of this month at the Soso Tham Auditorium at 11 am.
“It is not for us to think only of four MLAs but to lose in 55 constituencies,” he said.
