Hopefully Nongstoiñ will continue to grow.
Ma Wailad reminded that there are still some villages which still use traditional music and said that most of the Chad Sukra has Chad Rwai, Chad Pliang, Chad Kyllaiñ Kti, Chad Kyllaiñ Kti, you Chad Farmer and so on.
Shillong: The Executive Member Incharge of Arts and Culture, Victor Ranee, in reply to a question by the Leader of the Opposition, Lamphrang Blah, on the delay in the construction of the Heritage Village, said that It is true that the tender for this project was called on the 7th of July 2019 and the project was awarded to Bah PP Thangkhiew.
In the past few days, it has appeared in the newspapers that some of his leaders want him to contest from the BJP and it is learned that the talks and arrangements with the BJP leaders have also gone well.
? The friend asked again, “Yes, I don't understand, why do you ask that?
The paragliding team of the Meghalaya Aero and Adventure Sports Association (MAASA) today left Shillong for the TOT Training to be held in Nepal from 5th to 14th. June 2023.
However, some of the trucks were arrested but many of them were able to continue their business.
Jowai: The All Jaintia Hills Drivers' Association, the East Jaintia Hills Drivers' Association and the All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters' Association (CETA) have alleged that Police at three check posts (Mawryngkneng, Diengpasoh and Khapmara) have earned at least Rs 24 lakh per day from trucks carrying various goods.
The team of doctors and staff including Dr. Reuben Lamiaki Kynta, MCh, (Associate Professor CTVS), Dr. Shivadutta Sharma (JR-CTVS), Dr. Priyanka Dev, Assoc.
The Khasi Jaintia Hills is indeed covered with beauty through the presence of rivers, valleys and streams as well as beautiful hills and valleys to attract people from all over the country.
The KSU Narpuh Circle Publicity Secretary Samla SL Suchiang has also demanded the establishment of a police outpost at Malidor Bridge as Assam has done.
“The people should also remember what happened in Smit where a foreigner who pretended to be a seller of goods was a robber.
Shillong, November 17: The Meghalaya Pradesh Election Committee (MPCC) on Tuesday decided that the party will not contest any candidate for the Laban-Mawprem constituency. Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Out of the 30 lakh residents of Meghalaya, who are subject to the Income Tax Act, the party has decided to support the NCP candidate. there are only about 20,000 in the entire state.
Now the issue of CAA and ILP has come up which has stirred up the government of Conrad Sangma.
In the middle of the city, the traffic jam can still be released.
Shillong, March 04: The family members of the late Bah Ktri Kharsahnoh (70) have alleged that they have been banned from burying his body by a person appointed by the Hima Mylliem to look after the village. citing that the land did not belong to them.
The MDCs elected by the people are like puit tangkuli kynjih mawsiang or panshandi dem lor khah who do not understand the value of customs and traditions, ethnicity and the right to longtrai on land. .
The struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule is also underway and it is hoped that this will happen.
Sarma said he had read in the newspapers the speech of the Chief Minister of Mizoram, in which he wanted to talk about the border issue. I want to strengthen the spirit of the feelings of the North East.
India will send a female robot into space this year, which is a human-like robot.
The KSU said the incident happened near the BSF camp called Lamasaki which is only 500 meters away from the scene.
The time of grace for man is nearing its end according to the signs of the times.
The march started again until they reached Laban Sport Club.
Shillong, Lber 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the Dialysis Unit at Shillong Civil Hospital in the presence of Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan Warjri.
Earlier, the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, informed the farmers that the Hima has already announced that the farmers will not be allowed to cut kilos. It has already been said that the farmers should inform the Hima to take the necessary action.
Mooknor Thadmuthlong Sports Club has won the 2nd Division Football Tournament-6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
We can better sell our vote for hundreds or thousands of rupees than to fight for the candidates to get their share of our vote through their hard work.
As usual, the Prime Minister or any authorized minister speaks to the media after the meeting to explain in more detail on the decision taken but today it has been postponed. umdum the reporters because they all refused to speak to them.
Daiapherbha Lamare was elected as Vice President.
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said today that US troops could invade Venezuela if necessary to support Juan Guaido. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, who is currently fighting to overthrow President Nicolas Maduro.
It is to be recalled that the Intermediary Jowai Bye-Pass is very important to reduce traffic jam in Jowai, especially during the coming and going of school children and Government employees. and tourists because Jowai is a city that all the people from all over Jaintia Hills rely on to complete their duties.
This child is in C-category and needs to be admitted to a hospital for proper treatment.
The victim has been identified as Lucy Dee and she is 45 years old.
Shillong, March 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, today launched the CM Elevate scheme, which is a scheme along with subsidy from the government's joint financial assistance scheme. and which is self-sufficient to do whatever works to stand on its own feet.
According to information received, the Council had issued a license to this company to mine uranium at Porkut in 2009 but has not renewed the license after strong opposition from the people. the company.
At the same time, he said that the Election Department has worked hard to ensure that the people will come to take part in the elections because as witnessed, the number of voters in Shillong Parliamentary constituency is less. to compare with Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
Regarding this problem, the union has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills, but the office of the Deputy Commissioner has not responded. “It has not done anything yet,” said Bah Nasar Marwein, spokesperson of the union.
It is learned that these children were playing inside the skum kba and one of the children who lost his life set fire to the skum kba with a kyndok jingpruid stick. The fire broke out from the skum kba and destroyed the precious lives of these three children.
According to police sources, the incident happened on 30th November, 2023 at about 2:30 pm when a blue Pulsar bearing the number plate ML The E 7511 driven by Ialambok Lyngdoh of Mawlangwir was heading from Mawlangwir to Mawkyrwat and suddenly when it reached near the Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat it collided with a Maruti Alto The vehicle (ML 12 2962) was driven by Jonalin Wartde, 23, of Pyndensakwang.
The team of journalists also visited the stalls of government schemes set up to provide information about government schemes in order to fully implement the schemes and benefit the people who have not yet received them. benefits of these schemes.
The programme, organized by the Department of University and Higher Education, was held at the Auditorium, Nityaipat Chuthek, Imphal.
The festival will last for three days and will end at Law Kyntang on the 7th of November.
He said that the bill has been suspended for more than nine months and MePDCL will not be able to take electricity from other power lines until it pays the bill. currency.
“These rich people, not only do they have land in the state but also abroad, they have their own land and during the elections they come to deceive with bad voices. , they come with money and sing DJ songs and if those who are still involved these problems you are facing now will continue and we need a clean government”.
"“We will not refuse to go to the authorities even to knock on the door of the Court for a fair trial and to find out the scientific methods of the Government which is trying to destroy these people. corruption," he said.
When asked, she said, “If I am slow to prepare the book, we should change the way we are preparing the book so that we can enjoy preparing the book.
Hemant Soren did not appear for the second summons before the Enforcement Directorate (ED) for questioning on the incident of illegal gain over the sale of land in the state. city ​​of Ranchi.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor W Nongbri today issued a statement that from today Initially, from 22nd July 2020, only 413 shops in the market will be open per day.
Wherever they are, they know how to maintain their manners, honor and especially how to honor our mothers.
The passengers, said that they were very disappointed with the behavior of Air Alliance, because they were unable to reach their destination and then, they spent time on the plane. until 4.30 pm, which reached seven hours.
The closing ceremony of the meeting was opened by Wailad Shylla MLA of Jowai constituency.
Bah Tynsong questioned the delay of the EC in doing this work although it has already started since April last year.
When asked by Rupang, what is your message to the parents of talented youth and to your supporters? Thank you very much for your love and support and we want you to support us because soon we will release another song and we also want to say we love you Shynnam Shynnam ko supporters " Shynnam Shynnam - I'll Be There For You
In the past God protected the Israelites from the plague in Egypt, but now He does not protect them anymore because it is time for Him to bring plagues on all the people.
KSU President Daniel Khyriem said that the KSU, FKJGP and KWADA are against the VAB but their support for the Rangbah Shnongs is only for the dorbar. He said that the Seng Bhalang stands firm on the ground to demand the introduction of Section VIII and 16 of Section 5 and demanded that the KHADC should incorporate these two provisions into the Act.
These include EKH: 127, NGH: 8, RBD: 23, SWGH: 4, SWKH: 39, WGH: 8, WJH: 21 and WKH:
He also explained that if these 21 Mining Lease Holders take 5 Books of Form-H containing 100 copies of challans per book and the price of the challan will be T5500 tyngka. The revenue to the government will be T 5,77,50,000 per month and T69,30,00,000 per annum.
Kong Lumspah, as soon as she saw that man, she was shocked but she couldn't do anything else because they had already sat down.
Therefore, we strongly urge all the Villages in Meghalaya to consider and take these suggestions on this urgent issue related to the return of more or less 40,000 residents of Meghalaya. .
They demanded the immediate removal of the Assam police or any Assam government departments from the Khasi villages on the border and the arrest and punishment of the robbers from Assam who were involved in the shooting at the people in Mukroh.
Because they have to chase towards the goal to progress in life.
As usual, the election of power in the KHADC has been held without the need to vote in the constituency.
“It's just a story but it's all changed, not the world but the lives of people,” said the neighbor and gave Meiieid another kiss.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) in collaboration with KHUBLEI Germany has once again organized a Christmas program with children from poor families.
“I thought I'd come to your house, because I was sorry that my son had told me the story,” said Bah Shanbor.
The purpose of this award scheme is to encourage the cinema and talents of the community in any field for the promotion and protection of human rights.
Referring to the mid-term elections in Nongstoiñ, Fenela said that the election in fact should not be too expensive but should be allowed to end the term of office of Maieid.
The area is a hotspot for volcanic eruptions and flames have been seen coming out of the volcano far from the inhabited areas in the dew lynnong.
The East Jaintia Hills Police today also became vigilant to maintain peace and order in the district.
The fire broke out at KJP Girls' School on Friday morning, after 2 pm during the load shedding.
Sharma, a former lecturer at a university in Delhi and the mother of Rohit Shekhar, who filed a complaint in 2008, admitting that Tiwari was a your father; However, Tiwari has denied the fact and speaking to reporters, Sharma said that the decision to get married was taken by Tiwari, who is happy with the incident. that she should marry her former lover.
Shillong, Nailar 05 : Ryntih SC beat Mawkhar SC 2-0 in the first leg of the SPL Premier League (SPL) 2021-22 on Thursday at the Third Ground. Polo.
Besides, the MLA also informed that he will hand over the syntek along with shet tiar tiew to the four villages in Kyntonmassar, which they can use in their village activities.
This is why you don't have to tamper with the odometer.
Another factor is that India has scheduled friendlies against Singapore and Vietnam in the coming months.
We began to listen to the sound of the animals.
The newly appointed Director General of Police (DGP), Idashisha Nongrang, IPS, who took over on 20th June, has been appointed as the head of the police department. for two consecutive years.
“We demand that the state government should respect its decision to stop the registration of residents with Aadhar,” said KSU General Secretary Bah Auguster Jyrwa. message.
The NFHS report shows that more than 77% of women do not want to report or complain or talk about their violence.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to send an inquiry into the absence of a document for the purchase of land belonging to the Council in Mawkyrwat village. in the year
The body of the Rangbah was found by the people of Mawkyrdep village together with the police, who found him from a forest in Klew, where he was lying naked without a knife. clothing in with serious injury.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that there are only three cases of Covid-19 in the state. Another person from Tura has tested negative for the second time.
They may also be low in phosphorus and sometimes potassium and calcium, but rich in copper, iron and magnesium.
The elected MDCs should also implement what they have already done during their election campaign, not to just listen and waste time only in the struggle for power and seat struggle. within the District Council, without regard to the development of the villages or the society within the District as a whole.
Rinalis has reached the same category at the Khelo India Youth Games in
If this is the case, the government price of T.3 will not work at all and the government's intention to help the people will not succeed especially the poor.
However, on the state, Conrad said the two MDA candidates will win this time.
At this time, an old interview of Gauri Khan, in which she wished that Shah Rukh Khan's film would be a flop or not at all, has come out again. , is that Gauri, is very excited for King Khan to come to Mumbai.
At the same time, Bah Eugene urged the parents to cooperate with the school by saying that parents should not rely solely on the teachers, as this school attendance and education has now become changed and the competition was fierce.
Therefore, the village together with the youth of the village also gave their blessings to them to continue to work hard and focus on this field so that their future will be bright.
The 46th Meghalaya Chess Championship organized by the Ri Bhoi District Chess Association (RBDCA) under the auspices of the MCA kicked off on Thursday. Lyngdoh, MLA of Umsning constituency.
The KSU also demanded to install hand sanitizer in all the toilets of various departments, hostels and administrative buildings.
The meeting was held at the JSU office in Jowai with the participation of the JSU, Laskein Block Sports Association. (LBASA), Amlarem Sub Division Sports Association (ASSA) and leading players of the state and Jaintia Hills.
Pynkhreh has been missing from his home since October 11, 2023 with a newly purchased Mahindra Pik-Up.
Shillong: About 700 leaders from other parties have joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Banri Suchiang, one of the members of MGLPSCTA, said that according to Bah DP Wahlang, the government cannot re-appoint them because they have not passed the Meghalaya examination. Teacher Eligibility Test (MTET).
This is what happens in parties and elections.
All those who visit the bank are required to quarantine themselves for 10 days at home and if anyone has symptoms of fever, chills, or difficulty in breathing, they should inform the Waheh Shnongs. immediately to sit apart alone.
We will raise this issue in relation to the allocation of compensation for farmers in the House.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Lower Primary (LP) school job seekers who have admitted that they have been deleted from their names, have decided to fight to the end until they get their jobs. of right.
Speaking to reporters before the meeting, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, one of the members of the PDF, said that he as a member of the PDF has no knowledge that the KHADC has approved these roads.
It was on this basis that the Paiem, after consulting with the Basan Raid Mawlieh and the office bearers of the Raid Nongblai, agreed to take time to complete the work.
“I will explain all the allegations of the UDP against me in front of the people if necessary.
It is here that the abomination that causes desolation was spoken of by Daniel the prophet when it stood in the Temple ... for there shall be great tribulation. such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be” Matthew 24:15-2
He said that within the army, there is no teaching to discriminate on religion, ethnicity but they teach to be equal as brothers and sisters and to work together to protect our beloved India.
This candidate was 75 years old.
I came around and the people brought jasong to come to the meeting and I was very excited,” said Bah Synshar.
Furthermore, the lack of investigation rules has increased the suspicion and suspicion of the public.
The shopkeeper can wear a mask when he/she is alone when there are no customers, but whenever customers and vendors come, they must wear a mask.
In a report received from NEHU after the inspection sent to the government, it was found that only the wells have been dug by humans and the area does not have a light.
The residents have been in darkness since the 18th of this month until the publication of this news.
The Act can be amended, as has been done in Nagaland and Mizoram, according to the circumstances of the people in these areas.
Nongstoiñ, July 4: “The WKSU sends its condolences to the family of Bah Lankupar Sawkmie Vice President RBYF, who passed away in a tragic accident.
In another incident, Mofizur Hoque complained that on the night of 19th October, robbers stole his motorcycle (ML-08F-3493) from Lower Babupara, Tura.
Shillong, Lber 21 : Although in the past few days and times, it has been seen that there has been a good deal of interest in the border talks between Meghalaya and Assam in the second phase, but this has stopped for a long time. months in which there has been no meeting between the regional committees or joint inspections, although the State Government has said that it still has regular contacts with Assam.
In Pool-C, they include Newhill, Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu, Mookaswan Dongwah, Mupliang and Madankynsaw Mookyndeng.
About 8 to 10 seeds are sufficient for a 10 acre tea plantation. In order for the tea tree to produce many leaves suitable for making tea leaves, the tea tree should be planted from the top of about inches from the ground, and to cut off one or two large branches.
Those who attended the meeting included Samla Lambok Rymbai, General Secretary of the KSU Ri Bhoi District, Samla Biangbor Paliar and other office bearers of the KSU.
The death toll has risen to 89 and 2,656 new cases have been reported in China in the past 24 hours. So far, 37,198 people have been reported infected with the virus.
Speaking to media on 20th June, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of District Council Affairs (DCA), Prestone Tynsong said the government is ready to support the GHADC and JHADC. from this financial crisis as it is now.
I can't say anything about the Dima Hasao because from the beginning to the end they haven't filed a single answer in the Supreme Court in my case.
There are six foreigners who intend to go to Mynsngat to work at a new petrol pump in Mynsngat, said a statement sent by Juhhi Tariang Publicity Secretary Nartiang Circle.
He said the HSPDP will release its Manifesto for the Legislative Assembly Elections in 2023 in the first month of April.
When asked how many students have to sit for the examination, Lahkmen said he does not know because the students submit their forms to the NTA and it has not informed the state government yet. day.
What religion or custom teaches many people to live happily ever after? The ancient Khasi teaching says that whoever eats the umsyep of others will be turned away.
Then the man gave Thom the Sang.
Earlier, in a meeting with the DG of Assam Riffles, the Union Secretary received a detailed explanation from the DG on the status of the security forces in the North East. Know the border between India and Myanmar through the Indo-Myanmar border.
The committee was led by Santa Pradhan as chairman.
Any form of exercise is sufficient, as long as your strength is still within reach.
After investigation, Pastor PBM in a statement said that he found that according to the owners of Wapungskur village, the residents of Wapungskur village had turned to Khliehriat to demand the release of one of them. A youth who was arrested by the police on the afternoon of the 24th for allegedly attacking a police vehicle during the MIRPL road blockade.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the India International Cherry Blossom Festival,
If the police forces fail to arrest the perpetrators within a day, the investigation should be handed over to the CBI/NIA," the CWC demanded. "It should be ensured that non-tribals should be protected to protect against injury and robbery by the Meghalaya intelligence agencies against the citizens of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the PYT-IN has started this campaign by calling on the support of the people of Ri Khasi to join hands to do something for Meiieit Spility, a woman who has rejected the tens of crores of rupees for the protection of the land, to protect the people from the invasion of foreigners, by standing firm against the mining of uranium.
It is also suspected that the girl had run away with a student of one of the schools in Jowai.
The famous historian Dr.SK Bhuyan says that the Karbis first came from Tibet and Burma and settled on the banks of the Kalang River on the banks of the Kupli and Kaziranga National Parks of Assam. their stay.
This box is named Pandora's Box from a short story in Greek Mythology and contains meaning and wisdom.
He is a passionate photographer and lives in Belgaum, Karnataka.
The KSU has closed down the bank on 24th July after the bank failed to provide services to the people of the area who deposited money in the bank.
Kejriwal's judgment.
The landslide at the Sonapur tunnel has happened frequently and has disrupted the traffic.
“From now on, there will be a surprise inspection and search of these cemeteries and those who empty or drink alcohol in these cemeteries will be punished,” he said.
My position is clear that in Assam all religions live freely, so this will be the case in Meghalaya,” he said, admitting that Assam is now the most peaceful state in India.
In another development, police have arrested a man who stole Remdesivir and recovered two injections from him, which he offered to sell at a price of Rs. 35,000 if injected.
The aim of the tournament is to promote tourism and to make Meghalaya a growing state in this sport not only in India but in the world.
The youngster, who has made Meghalaya proud again by joining the Indian team, joined Indian Arrows in 2017 as a centre-back. back).
“The Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra is Modi's assurance to the poor, needy, women, youth and farmers of the country,” he said.
The incident occurred on the 22nd anniversary of the 2001 attack on the Legislative Assembly by Pakistani militants, which left nine people dead, including security guards. guard.
“I don't know anything about that, and I don't know where you got that information but on my part, I don't know anything about that,” said Prestone. Dhar has decided to give the MP ticket to Bah Dasakhiat Lamare.
Janis won the competition from the judges' point of view to the votes of the audience.
This initiative, in line with the initiative of the Forest Department to protect the environment, has raised concerns about the impact on the beauty of the environment and will even affect the drinking water in the area. lum of this tree beaiñ.
Out of all the 19 participants from all over the state, Stella has not only won the title but because of her beautiful appearance, she is also the best. She is currently studying for a Bachelor of Science (B.Sc) in Mathematics from St. Mary's College, Shillong.
Robertjune said it is necessary to end the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya, which has been going on for decades.
In the Under-17 Boys' category, Sawlyngdoh HS School beat Jowai Presbyterian HS School 2-1
A BCCI source said it has sought ways and means to get sufficient and accurate evidence regarding the actions of the umpire from the Punjab Cricket Association (PCA) in the match. tournament in April last year.
The first recorded plague occurred in 1320, starting in Philistia and spreading to other places.
Ma Kyrmen Shylla also urged the UDP leaders in Ri Bhoi District to work together and work hard with the support of their fellow party leaders in the state. Constituencies will reach the goal of victory.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 09: U MDC of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw together with the village leaders on Friday inspected two painted roads, one connecting Mawlai Motsyiar village. Mawlai Umjaiur 0.459 kilometers long and Riat Medi 0.120 km long road connecting Riat Medi to Mawlai Nongpdeng 0.120 km long. The road from Riat Medi to Mawlai Nongpdeng has been completed and opened to the public.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC on Tuesday scored a goal against East Bengal at the JN Stadium Polo.
Twenty-seven groups took part in the parade and were saluted by the chief guest.
There were Christians who earlier baptized without baptism but after 1643 AD it was changed to baptism with baptism, which is said to be only an outward sign, or a baptism of children.
During World War II in 1939-45, General T Hodyson Dukes was sent to South East Asia.
This new salary increase will take effect from 1st July,
When that wisdom is lost, we forget our own morality.
He said that the matter was reported to the state government in October 2021 and they are still waiting for a reply.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) on Tuesday held a protest at Congress Bhawan to protest against the nomination of party leader Rahul Gandhi from the Lok Sabha.
That terrible robbery of Saul of Tarsus means night, and his condition after his repentance means day.
Shillong, July 29: BSF troops on Saturday seized sarees worth T.22 lakh from the border of East Khasi Hills District. in Bangladesh.
Twenty-five feature films have been selected to screen in the Indian Panorama section at the 53rd IFFI out of 354 current films.
He said that the JSM after receiving information that the education department of Meghalaya through letter no.
“India has sent relief supplies to the Palestinian people through an IAF C-17 aircraft carrying about 6.5 tonnes of medical supplies and 32 tonnes of relief supplies to the Palestinian people through the El-Arish airport. in Egypt," Bagchi said through 'X'
Tyrchain Lypon, President of NEHUSU, said that a complaint has been lodged against the teacher but the union will wait for two days as the investigation into the incident is ongoing. .
On the other hand, the 10 persons who were released today thanked the court and the Forest Department for understanding the story of the people of Mawpyrthuh village regarding the death of the animal. all 10 persons to inform the government authorities if any wild animals come to damage the crops from their fields in the villages.
Damehun Syih scored two goals for Nangkiew in the 45+2 minutes and Shaibor Nongrum scored the third goal in the 69th minute. .
To wait for the right to get an injection, You must first dance.
However, it is up to each and every voter in the two states to decide whether to go to Meghalaya or Assam.
James Sylliang agreed with Process's statement that Pynshngaiñ should thank the three people who took part in the formation of the PDF and also to promote him to the post of CEM. “Bah Process is the truth, we cannot deny that,” said Bah James.
Police took him to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for treatment.
Of these, 2,288 polling stations are in Shillong Parliamentary constituency and 1,224 are in Tura Lok Sabha constituency.
Lynshiang said the HSPDP is the only party sitting in the opposition in the District Council which shows that they do not want to work together for the issues of the people.
However, when I won the election, I got more than 1200 MDCs but only 622 MLAs.
The training was attended by the District Agriculture Officer, EMH, experts from CIPMC, Shillong including Plant Protection Officer (PPO), Gokulraam M, Dr. Devaraya KP (APPO), that Kong Aroti Hazaeik (APPO).
Shillong: U Bah Erwin Sutnga, Legal Adviser to the Congress, on Tuesday said that the politicians in the state government are now planning to sell their land to Assam where they will pay T .20 thousand crore will be paid to these parties for the sale of these lands to Assam.
“The NPP in Sohiong constituency is still new...they will not get people and they will get only from the HSPDP. accept.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Police Traffic Department has announced a traffic curfew in the Golflink and Mawroh area on the 22nd and 23rd of June for the 27th All India Police Golf Tournament at Shillong Golf Course.
Nongstoin, Naitung 22 :The KSU Riwiang Area Unit on Tuesday visited the Ferro Alloy Private Limited (FER) company in Riwiang village. and the Riwiang River.
Another is Rishan Marweiñ who raped a child on 20th March
She was speaking on the statement of the Prime Minister during his election campaign at Khyndai Lad, Shillong.
I cannot understand how other governments in the past or in the years to come will be able to get away with this," she said.
“For those who like to watch birds, when they come here, they find that there is nothing, no information and no guides to guide the visitors to those places where there are schemes. .
Thus the Jewish nation was also destroyed in the course of time because they lived like slaves and slaves.
Replying to a question by the Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy in the House today, Bah Tynsong said that the money to the contractors is from the 22 divisions of the PHE. not across the state.
He said that the mid-term elections will be held in a peaceful and orderly manner in which all the residents will exercise their right to vote for the candidates of their choice. can you party.
At the welcoming ceremony, Khlur Lyngdoh urged the BJP leader to work hard to bring victory to the party in the MP Lok Sabha elections
“Christian missionaries are running the Congress and Sonia Gandhi, the mother of Rahul Gandhi, is run by these missionaries and these missionaries are threatening the unity of the Congress. Ri,” said Singh, while speaking to reporters.
Four KSU members were injured and were sent to Ichamati PHC and two to Sohra PHC. Lurshai Hynniewta (35), son of Serkin Nongkynrih, was injured in the incident. He was born in Khliehshnong, Sohra and died while undergoing treatment.
Meanwhile, Tripura will hold the election on 18th June, said AK Jyoti, Chief Election Commissioner of India.
Paul said that in the next two years the Government will repair the Anganwadi Centers and as the Minister he has also visited the Anganwadi Centers in several districts.
The ARPA has also sent the names of its 16 MDCs including six from the HSPDP, five from the UDP, three from KHNAM and two independent MDCs, Grace Mary Kharpuri and James Sylliang. , MDC of Mawhati.
The BJP's statement comes 10 days after the Congress released its election manifesto to be implemented if the Congress comes to power after the upcoming Assembly elections. on the 27th of this month.
Because it's not the way to speak only English in U.
Martle N Mukhim is the President of the Women's Wing and Agnes Kharsahnoh is the President of the Women's Wing. The young man was confirmed to the young San Ryntathiang.
Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act at Khliehriat Police Station and the investigation is ongoing to track down others involved in the smuggling of drugs. state.
I just want to say that the case is going well in the middle of the trial and I have never been convicted before.
The letter also informed President Ram Nath Kovind that the incident happened not only in Karnataka, but also in Goa where there are 40 MLAs where the Congress won 17 while the BJP won only. 12 but there too the Governor of Goa has called for the formation of a government by the BJP and its allies.
NASA scientists are considering ways to prevent the spacecraft from spreading further or damaging satellites and other spacecraft. .
The next match of the SPL will be on Thursday between Shillong Lajong and Langsning at 3:00 pm.
Auxilium Girls Higher Sec School, Nongthymmai 20.
Revelation 19:5-9
We would like to clarify to all the Honorable Leaders of Khasi Jaintia Hills that the IOA & AA has been signed and accepted by Shri C Rajagopalachari Governor General of India, and the 20 Khasi States as independent and as These treaties and promises were signed by the Governor General of India in accordance with the provisions of the Annexed Agreements (AA).
This is in response to the announcement by AL Hek MLA Pynthorumkhrah that Pynshngain wants to contest from Pynthorumkhrah to allow Himalaya Shangpliang to contest from Mawsynram constituency.
The Dkhar Kur Khliehtyrshi Circle has investigated and found that Ratan Sarkar has accepted the Dkhar clan.
Imphal: The Indigenous Tribal Leaders Forum (ITLF) on Tuesday held a protest rally in Churachanpur, Manipur, demanding the formation of a core committee and an investigation team. The NIA and CBI regarding the torture of 22 people belonging to the Kuki-Zo tribe.
There is an allegation that many of the residents of such areas have received letters from the military authorities that they have been summoned to appear regarding their land.
The Chairman of the North Eastern Regional Youth Commission (NERYC) Most Rev. George Palliparambil laid the flag and handed over the flag to Fr.John Barman, MSFS, Regional Youth Director.
At the meeting on the 30th, the AAP leaders will also decide how many candidates will contest the 2018 MLA elections in the state and will also discuss the issues of the election campaign and when they will start campaigning. elections.
According to the High Court, the High Court wants to get the opinion of the Governor's Office before taking a decision. He wanted the Principal Secretary to the Governor to submit these information before the hearing on 8th November.
Shillong, March 18: Police have arrested Bah Andy Blah, 32, for burning down an office in Mawsynram during the protests.
It is worth mentioning that the SNSBH has taken this decision and demand without going through the FTD but at the meeting of the FTD held this morning it has decided to support the decision of the Union. After the meeting of the FTD, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, Chairman of the FTD, who is also the CEM of KHADC, said that the Federation supports the FTD. The PDF MDCs have decided to hold a flag raising ceremony on the 29th of this month to protest against the decision of the High Court to hand over to the government to pass a law on the post of Rangbah Shnong. Government decides to ban its employees from becoming Rangbah Shnong.
The incident happened in the Shahbad Dairy Police Station area in Delhi, and the body of the child, who lives in JJ Colony, was found lyngktar on the road. foot.
Because the state government cannot implement the funds, the central government has withheld the funds allocated ? 908.46 crore even in fact should have been given? 2,000.12 crore where the state government should release? 222.23 crore between 2010 and
Two candidates have applied for the UDP ticket, including Shangpung MDC J Treilang Suchiang.
Modi and Jashodaben were born in 1968 when they were young.
In the past, farmers used to spend more time growing rice and jhur in Kper ha Phrah just to use their daily food. Ginger, Soybean, Shrimp, Shrimp, Phan, Shriew and other types of jhur which are sold well in the market.
Furthermore, the Social Welfare Department also talked about the plight of women and children and the establishment of Helpline Numbers.
“He has complained of illness in his body and has gone for treatment and will start playing again from Tuesday”.
Shillong: At the start of the one day match of the Vijay Hazare Trophy, Meghalaya looked disappointed in their match against Mizoram at Chennai Stadium. Dippu Sangma and Abhay Negi struck hard to win by two wickets with two overs left.
In this regard, the Council, has opened nine shops, on 15th November 2014, according to the order of the court, but, it was reported that the police of the District Council, raided the shops. Kong Marbaniang and to destroy and take away all her belongings.
During the meeting between the Police and the Village Leaders of the area, it was seen that the Police Chiefs of Ri Bhoi, including Bah VDS Rymbai, DSP Ri Bhoi, Bah Pherbak Marwein, CI Nongpoh Police Station, Bah Sagar Pakyntien, Incharge of Kyrdemkulai OP was present on the occasion and also had the opportunity to meet with these leaders of the area. goodwill in the community in the villages in the area.
Basra Culture Minister Ahmed al-Badrani told reporters that he had not given permission for the demolition of the Siraji Mosque but other authorities. the authorities who gave permission to do so.
Swami Divyaswarupananda Maharaj, Centre-In-Charge, thanked and praised the hard work of the teachers for making the program a success.
Figo scored the first goal for Langsning in the 19th minute and Fullmoon scored the second goal in the 32nd minute.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: In Question Hour in the House today, Mylliem MLA Ronnie V. Lyngdo, u Bah AL Hek, Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, urged the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Affairs to ask for money from the Minister. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called for the construction of a hospital to treat animals especially pigs and cows.
“This sudden change in the election system has caused opposition from the residents,” said Bah Synrem. He said that since the beginning of Shella, it is the residents of Shella who have elected the Secretary and others. the dkot officials of the village.
This cleaning of parts of the Myntdu River is also a way to bring about the cleanliness of the Myntdu River which has been filled with garbage along the river and which has spoiled the appearance of the Myntdu River which is the source of water for the city of Jowai.
The football tournament was inaugurated by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President FKJGP Ri Bhoi as the chief guest in the presence of other office bearers of FKJGP Ri Bhoi. Sepngi with the elders of the area.
Many of the residents of the village do not agree with the illegal sale of kyiad in the village as this has a serious impact on the society to spread evil.
(I'll continue next issue).
After the completion of all the requirements for the new school building, the construction of the school started in 2013 and the construction of the school started in that year. The residents of the area have been surprised that until now, after about five years, the school building, which has been built, has not been used yet because it has not been completed.
Diengdoh said the last meeting they held was in 2013 and at that meeting it was decided that the government will send a survey of the land and the survey should include the However, when it was time to survey, he said that the survey was not informed to the village and it was done only by the government officials.
He answered and said, "Lord, I have received you. I have seen you all day long.
Therefore, you should understand that it not only beautifies the eyes but also gives health.
In the Legislative Assembly, it was informed that the work will start soon but nothing has been seen yet.
We are in deep mourning.
They alleged that the incident in Arunachal Pradesh is a violation of the Constitution of the country by the Central Government by misusing the powers of the Governor of the state.
In the women's category, St. Dominic Higher Secondary School Mawkyndeng beat Winter Adventist Secondary School Mowkaiaw 4-0
“We felt the need to meet with the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma especially when he expressed his readiness to discuss if any of the provisions of the Annexed Agreement (AA) of the Instrument of Accession (IoA) are applicable. “under the provisions of the Constitution of India,” said a statement sent by the President and Spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi States, Bah John F.Kharshiing.
The Seng also strongly condemned the government for arresting FKJGP leaders and especially FKJGP leader Bah Eldie Lyngdoh under the MPDA Act. The SP of Ri Bhoi District, CVS Reedy, has been arrested for allegedly shooting a patient who has lodged an FUR but no action has been taken.
Shortly after, opposition leader and BJP leader Suvendu Adhikari was seen at the same place.
“There are those who have hated HITO because of their actions and what we say are the truths that hurt them but I want to say don't hate HITO but hate the truth because it hurts you,” he said. .
The people of the world pray, ask, beg and struggle for healing and to find ways and means to protect their lives from the disease.
Because of the beauty of Saitsohpen in terms of skyline, scenery and table land, the site for the construction of the government office was chosen at Kyntursniang, now Saitsohpen.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (I) Chief DD Lapang has been appointed as the Chief Executive Member of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (I). The meeting with the UDP leaders, including Dr Donkupar Roy, President of the UDP, said that the cooperation with the UDP should not be limited to the Khasi District Council, but, it should also be in the State Government as well.
The vehicle was found on the 9th at Badarpur, Assam.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 174 new cases have been confirmed and 95 people have recovered.
In the Men's Bodybuilding category up to 55 kg, Same Wan Paswet of Iconic Strength and Fitness won the second prize. Rajani Kanta Debbarma of Muscle Excess Fitness Gym won the second prize.
According to reports, the party has not given the ticket to Dr Pariong.
Also present were the Syiem of Sohra Hima, Pa'iem Freeman Sing Syiem, Ministers, Rangbah Shnong of Maraikaphon, Bah E Sawian, Village Authority and residents.
Why should I do that? Because the government has no money; and that the people revolted.
He said that the allegation against the government that it has not taken into consideration the working methods of the district councils is wrong, as it is the MDA government which has sent the audit on the district councils. He said that the BJP has alleged that the government has not done anything despite the fact that the District Councils including GHADC and JHADC have not done anything. We have already appointed a team to investigate and we have also taken steps to ensure that the working methods of the District Councils will improve. and the Administrator shall be appointed by a qualified officer to ensure that the necessary changes are made for the smooth running of the work.
The day was filled with songs, dances and games.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that there is no need to hold a meeting of the political parties on the transfer of seats as only the Chief Minister is not present. the power and wisdom to make or keep anyone.
Riangdo, Nailur, 7: U Justin G. Momin, TMC candidate from Mawshynrut Constituency, on Tuesday said that the party has started its work to register its colors for the upcoming elections. in the year 2023.
Therefore, a special thank you goes to all those who have struggled to ensure that the recruitment process goes smoothly.
On the other hand, Sr.
Nonglang village has been recognized as a model village by the government.
"As an orphan, I understand the pain of working in a human household.
The National People's Party (NPP) has attracted more and more MDCs from other parties including the UDP, Congress, PDF and others in preparation for the MLA elections. it will be in
On this day, although this group has only a few members, in the spirit of love for the environment, they were able to leave for a place where trees have been planted. On this day, the group planted up to 40 trees with the participation of young men and women.
Those who throw acid will be paid T.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 18: Speaking at a meeting held at Samasi village, Sumer district, East Jaintia Hills District, the President of the Jaintia National Council, Bah Sambormi, on Tuesday slammed the state government and said that The government plans to build a railway line and coke factories instead of developing schools and health centres. As a leader, he urged the leaders and members of the JNC Sumer Circle to stand firmly against such activities. The government should not allow them to happen here in our area.
Director cum DMC, R. Dhar, SDSEO, P Yadav, BMC Umling, R. Bashai, Planning Coordinator SSA, LSEO, Rap Ika Nongkling, APO, Umling, DRDO and others.
Speaking to Rupang, SG Khongiong, General Secretary of the Congress Committee, said that he has 100 percent hope that the Congress party will win back the Nongspung Sohiong constituency. by Bah HDR Lyngdoh, because the candidate for this election will be the son of the MLA, who is also the Minister of Home Affairs.
According to the village authorities, especially the sordar and secretary, the people of the village grow many kinds of jhur in their own fields.
If they want to sell it, we will find out, where they will sell it and where the piglet is and if it dies, we will find out.
These office bearers were confirmed and sworn in by Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, Working President of the Sengkmie. Bhoi is all over.
Shemphang Langstieh, 45, has last met his daughter Phibankyntiew Sun on her 18th birthday on 17th November, 2023 at her home in Marbisu, Mawphlang Block, East Khasi Hills. Hills District.
Shillong: Replying to a question by the MLA of Umroi Constituency, Bah George B. Lyngdoh in the Budget House today, the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah Prestone Tyngsong said that up to 540 pigs have died from the African Swine Flu.
¢Do not hold meetings /stands inside areas with electrical signs.
Hundreds of farmers from different parts of Ri Bhoi District have come to participate in the market by bringing various crops to be exhibited at the market.
Criminals easily obtain Indian SIM cards and use them at the border in parts of Meghalaya.
However, the contest is between the NPP and the UDP, but the Congress candidate cannot be counted on how many votes they can get.
A group of five Sengbhalang including the All Jaintia Hills Social Welfare Organization (AJHSWO), JCSA, JNPO, All Meghalaya People The Fight Against Corruption Team (FACT) has demanded that the government should cancel the announcement to relocate the PWD North Division, Jowai. only the meeting.
In Tamil Nadu, there are now five cases.
" He also said, “Find your strength and work hard to grow.
These two goals were scored in the first half.
It is worth mentioning that in the past, the hospital run by the KJP and brought in by the Missionaries was a very attractive hospital especially for the people from the rural areas. to the sick to enter there.
Magistrate Vhaipei in his inquiry, called witnesses to the police who raided the house of Bah Cherish between the night of 12th and 13th July
The family has 9 orphans and the MPUF has donated rice, wheat, dai and sports equipment to these children.
Four candidates have been announced for the 3rd Raliang Constituency including Raliang MLA Coming One Ymbon from the NPP who has been MLA for three terms and J Treilang Suchiang MDC from Shangpung. UDP, Lakhon Biam MDC Nangbah who is a BJP candidate and Shemhok Garod a PDF candidate. and to promote economic growth in all aspects and to address the problems of the youth especially in unemployment.
Isaiah 65:20.
A little more needs to be known, that is, from the seed comes the race.
“The journey will be long for the ILP in the state,” said Hek.
“Instead of spending money on the festival which does not benefit the people, the government should pay the scholarships of the students or pay the salaries of the health workers who may lose their salaries as it happened in the the media" he said.
He said that in fact the VPP has set the rules but it has made it clear that even if it cannot accept it, it will give foreign support just to ensure that the NPP will rule for another five years.
Meanwhile, Ïarapborsing defeated Telangana's Devavath Anil Kumar in the 53.5kg category.
Ashish Tamang of Eastern Region-II won the goalkeeper award, while Zou and Laldinpuia of the last team won the gold medal and player of the tournament.
The total number of recoveries is 12252 and the death toll is
Nongstoiñ: Five houses inside the Riangdo Market WKHD, have collapsed after a blazing fire destroyed all these houses along with all their belongings.
Friends, the Word of God says the following and only briefly to share in this little scripture: “Say not, I will do unto him as he hath done to me; I will repay him according to his deeds" (Proverbs 24:29)“If thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink: for (Proverbs 25:21, 22) “Do not let yourself be conquered by the evil one, but overcome him by your own power. evil with good” (Romans 12:21) God bless you, Amen.
These 25 ambulances have registration numbers: UP32MN 7539, UP32MN 7541, P32MN 7543, UP32MN 7545, UP32MN 7546, UP32MN 7 UP3428MN 32MN 7550, UP32MN 7551, UP32MN 7552 , UP32MN 7553, UP32MN 7554, UP32MN 7558, UP32MN 7559, UP32MN 7560, UP32MN 7561, UP32MN 7598, UP32MN, 7 UP302MN UP32MN 7606, UP32MN 7608, UP32MN 7610 and UP32MN 7613.
At the time of writing, this reporter has not spoken face to face with Bah Shylla on this issue, but people who used to be hand in hand with him said that he will continue to fight.
Ebor Mi Buam scored the first goal for Ryntih in the 25th minute.
The summons came on the day of the Panchayat elections in the state.
Therefore, they cannot be considered as permanent residents of the state,” said Bah Paul.
Speaking to reporters, Angela Ryngad, who led the vendors, said that from this evening, the vendors have united, although they don't have an organization yet and they will start showing their power to the government from tomorrow. a day when they will spread their goods as they used to sell and if there is a robbery they will stand together to show their strength.
At this meeting, a 10 minute silence was also held on the tragic incident which happened at Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District.
In this regard, the Bajrang Dal has no fear of the Congress party's threat to ban it in Karnataka, said the founder of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP).
Last Sunday, Gadkari reiterated the same issue, saying that he had ordered the airports to provide water.
The pregnant female or mother pig should be given enough food to eat so that she can have more and healthier piglets.
In this regard, the MTDC has handed over to Bah Lessly Shylla after he offered to pay the MTDC T.98.997 crore for 33 years and to complete the hotel.
It is the day when the Sengbhalang of the Khasi Khara People was founded, which stands as the “KUT” on the basis of protecting the rights, customs, traditions and religions of the Khasi Khara people.
In Upper Shillong, not only factories have been affected due to the lack of electricity, but other workplaces which have to work through computers, and other businesses such as Xerox and others have been affected. , and this has caused great loss to the people.
Regarding the desire of many to reconsider the decision of the CEC, the MDC said it depends on the wisdom of the party leaders.
The no confidence motion moved by Bajop received the support of 17 members including Congress MDCs.
Sympathizer: Sympathiser- means people who have the spirit of knowing and sympathizing with their fellow human beings from the same group.
“It is only the NPP party that will be the voice of the people of the North East because it has an office in Delhi.
The state government will soon declare more than 100 areas as affected areas due to the lack of rainfall.
Other major construction projects include the construction of an office at Garikhana at a cost of T.7.50 crore and the work is underway.
The Assam Cattle Preservation Act 2021, passed by the Assam Legislative Assembly, has empowered police to enter the homes of suspected cattle preservationists to search and seize property and money. that they earn from the stealing of cattle.
The officer alleged that even after apologizing, he continued to send inappropriate messages (sms) which affected her dignity as a woman.
The writer, when he saw the video of this child, immediately that feeling of sympathy and compassion came to him and he wanted to meet this child.
On the morning of the 19th of this month, the team led by the Officer-in-Charge of Nongthymmai Beath House, Inspector Phrianglin Syiem, Inspector-in-Charge of Nongthymmai Beath House, Sub -Inspector Stephen Nongspung, Investigation Officer, Shillong, has seized 11 motor bikes from Nongsohma village. .
The speed of an airplane is 2,300 miles per hour, which is three and a half times the speed of sound.
I, Damangbha Wann together with my family and with the blessings of God from above, would like to express my gratitude and respect to all of you supporters who have won me the Meghalaya's Got Talent S3
I don't have any reason to doubt that but look carefully at what I have told you,” said the former Chief Minister.
Shillong: The Wahlakhiat Bulls have won all four matches against the Unified Gorkha Gators in the 11th edition of the Meghalaya Baby League 2018, which is underway on Saturday. at JN Stadium, Shillong.
It is also shocking to see that the President of the HSPDP who claims to be a follower in the footsteps of Maieid Hoping does not accept the term “border dispute areas” while the President of the HSPDP “The 12 border areas have never been part of Meghalaya,” said the VPP. She said that even the civil society organizations that have been in the past have praised the state. The government has now asked and expressed its opposition to the actions taken by the government in signing this soskular with the Assam government.
Regarding the finding of the investigation that the raid was thoughtless and used of force, the police said that they will seek an explanation from the first group involved in the killing of u Oh Cherish.
The Committee members visited one of the government schools, Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalaya, Nai Basti, Kishan Ganj, New Delhi.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the Mid-Day Meal Scheme for the months of April and May has been released in schools. Beyond 2023.
A fulfilling life can be achieved in a free world, not in Jeremy Bentham's panopticon.
Allah is angry with this unjust behavior and walking lymbuit in the society,” he said.
Banteidor also admitted that the tournament has been held again after 40 years.
However, many of the biscuit farmers said that they have tried to work hard as much as they can, because among all the crops, biscuits are the most profitable if the market is good.
Can you imagine how a shy person is selected by two companies to work in Delhi and Gurgaon? The answer is that I make YouTube videos and through the videos I get the courage to move forward without hesitation.
The names of the players include Wilson Mylliem Pdah, Damebanmerbha S.Blah, Damebanmerbha S.Blah, Kmenlang Shabong, Gideon Tympuiñ, Shandarson Nongrem, Alferius Kharsyiemïong, Bhawanchwadame Jangdoh Mawphlang, Davyson Kharhyllangor, Chelti, Albert Nangkitbok. Paul Danny Kharmudai, Evanmedon Rynghang, Albert Jyrwa and Gary Daniel Lyngdoh Mawlong.
He said that the party has also received complaints from the residents of Wahiajer area, who have brought a letter of complaint to the party office expressing their opposition to the public hearing.
Shillong, June 26: The All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) has reached the final of Zone 1 of the Inter District U-19 Boys Cricket Tournament after beating East Jaintia Hills by nine wickets. The AJCA has scored five points from two matches in Group B of three teams.
John 1:3.
The five deceased were identified as Thal Shadap, Nikhasi Dhar, Sik Talang, Tal Nartiang and Chirup Sumer.
You know that in the shop you will meet all kinds of people.
This shows that the MDA Government under the leadership of the NPP has failed to fulfill its promises to put education first,” said TMC Youth Leader Richard Marak.
In addition, to immediately stop the distribution of electricity especially in the dismissal of its employees.
“However, we have not received any exact information and once we have met him we will be able to confirm,” said Bah Ernest.
The shepherds went out and immediately told everyone about it, and those who heard it were amazed.
Others who helped the team included Rajesh Bishnoi and Akash K Choudhary, who scored 59 runs each for the loss of nine wickets.
The Board, which has taken seriously this, has warned such schools not to achieve this pass percentage in the coming years, otherwise the Board will take a firm decision. according to the Regulations which can even go to the extent of de-affiliation if necessary.
Madhya Pradesh has 47 cases, Punjab 41, Haryana 36, ​​Andhra Pradesh (22), Bihar (15) and Ladakh (13).
The deceased were from West Jaintia Hills District.
The clash between youths which happened on the 12th of this month in Harisabha area, Laban, was not because of ethnic differences but was a minor incident.
How does Wei dare to claim?
Up to 100 athletes from 20 countries including Olympic athletes will take part in the four-day rowing competition, which will end on March
The consolation prize is also worth tens of thousands of dollars.
U Pynsngainlang Phai Besides these Office Bearers and Executive Members, all the Presidents and Secretaries of various Associations are full members of the AJTCVA. The match between the Lion Sports and Youth Affairs (LSYA) against Umshangiar has been postponed due to heavy rain at Jrisalein Stadium, Chutwakhu, Jowai.
Under the rule of the MDA Government, the benefits of the people have been wasted without proper accounting.
Similarly, when it comes to Lydia, that same night she decides to accept Hep because she understands that he is a good man and knows God.
Police have registered a case at Nongstoin Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
Bah Jyrwa also urged the people to give stronger support to the party to get more MLAs so that they can lead the government for the benefit of the state as a whole.
The disease is said to be the most common and has begun to spread in the United Kingdom.
NDRF officials said the water level is about 176 feet.
Jowai Co-operative Urban Bank Ltd. was approved by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on 30th November
Shillong: U Amit Agarwal, owner of Samsung Smart Café, GS Road, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the police that on 29th November 2019, between 3.30 pm and 5 pm, robbers broke into the house. They also stole 36 mobile phones worth T.11 lakh and cash worth T.25,0
“We as the organization have handed over the drugs to the police and we have burnt the seized drugs and in this we have helped to warn and encourage those who have been found to change their lives and At the same time, we are aware not to destroy others,” said the petition submitted to the DC. I would like to know the work and objectives of the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) on the spread of drugs in Nongstoiñ and the district as a whole.
The area is located on the border between Meghalaya and Assam and is also a peaceful village to this day without border dispute.
In a statement, the SP (City) Bah Vivek Syiem said that the police have found these people who used fake documents while conducting a thorough investigation into those who came to contest the election. you are a soldier.
On the part of the chief guest, Eborlang Sari, Former Waheh Shnong Mukhla Umlangshor, General Secretary S. Sari, S. Sari, told about the life and journey of Kiang Nangbah. from his childhood until he took over to lead and fight against the British Army.
However, not only during elections but also for other purposes, the EPIC is essential and therefore, the citizens should register and exercise their rights as voters. as citizens of the country in order to strengthen the democratic constitution.
The award was presented by SK Lato, one of the founders of WJDSA who was the chief guest, Working President WJDSA EMH Passah in the presence of other members of WJDSA. The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the State has risen to
Sohryngkham MDC Pynïaid Sing Syiem has been elected as the Chairman of the KHDF which includes NPP and Congress MDCs.
The average size of the fish farm at Fish Dale is approximately 4.7 acres.
Ma Buhlut Suna has been elected as the new Waheh Shnong of Mukhla Nongrim Dorbar Shnong.
Ernest said that during his visit, he found that the workers of the BJP party are very happy.
Biden also praised Egypt's joint efforts to resist Russia's invasion.
He said that this issue needs to be discussed thoroughly, so they will discuss with all stakeholders after the elections and he hopes that a final decision will be taken on the ILP. , BJP MLA from South Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai has always said, “Give us 31 MLAs, we will give ILP”. , it appears that the BJP is fighting politics in delaying the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
The chief guest on the closing ceremony was Peter JP Hanaman, IPS, Retd, Member, Human Rights Commission, Retired DGP.
According to the residents of the area, the road has been newly constructed for two months, but it is sad to see that many parts of the road have been destroyed. They also alleged that this has happened due to the negligence of the contractors, who have cleaned too much and which has caused the road to collapse for a while.
Police have arrested three persons from the hotel, Mohamman Azan Khan, his friend Hanifa Bibi and another unidentified person.
The union demanded that the bank should install not only an ATM machine to withdraw money, but also another ATM/CDM machine. bad you can update the pass book.
The resumption of load shedding for the third time in the state has affected the daily lives of the people especially the young girls. and men, who are in the midst of preparing to take their online examinations.
To inform the public who wish to attend the Fruit Wine Festival, there will also be many kinds of entertainment including songs, dances and others. The program informs the public to buy tickets as soon as possible as they may not be able to enter the venue of the Miss Nongstoin contest.
The purpose of this workshop is to open up the field of Khasi medicine in the state and to discuss ways and means how to improve the quality of medicine by using herbs.
The winner of the 1st Prize of T.1 lakh was number 11307 and Kitbok Niang.
As the days and years go by, the demands have arisen one after another, but there has not been a single demand that the people have received as expected.
The dynamo does not charge the battery.
Replying to a question by Congress Leader (Zodintluanga Ralte), Zoramthanga, who is also the Minister of Planning and Program Implementation, said that under the SEDP, the state government has T.10 crore has been released in 2020-21, T.10 crore in 2021-22 and T.20 crore in 2022-23 for the implementation of the Mizoram State Health Care Scheme (MSHCS).
However, when police arrived at the scene, they found the house locked from the outside.
When you are weak in education, all these things are weak and decline.
However, the damage caused by these villagers on that day, was to take away the land, to turn it into a village forest, even though they knew that the land was owned by her and her husband. the whole household, which was kept according to the customs of the Raid.
Nongpoh, July 19: Ri Bhoi Police have seized heroin worth T.1.2 crore from two drug traffickers in Ri Bhoi Police this evening. Byrnihat.
The purchase of medicines is done by the Meghalaya Purchase Board which purchases medicines without members.
I was sorry for his behavior after I went to get it myself and I had intended to appeal if he didn't give me the permit.
Nongpoh: The relocation of the COVID-19 Screening Center from 13 Mer, Tamulkuchi to Lum Nongrim Byrnihat, has shown that the Assam government is ready to listen to the complaints of the people. , when they encounter or find any problems in the border areas.
Shillong, July 16: In response to the demand of KHNAM MDC from Jaiaw, Adelbert Nongrum, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, on Tuesday, 2016, promised in the House that do something to show how to amend Rules 128 of the AD Rules which allows non-tribals to take part or vote or contest District Council elections.
He said that after completing his Licentiate in Missiology from the Pontifical Urban University, he asked permission from Archbishop Victor who was the Bishop of Nongstoin Diocese at that time to work in the fields of Missiology. Europe as part of experiencing the lives of the citizens of these countries.
Our Khasi people are very different from other peoples of India.
Mishra said it was difficult for him to track down these people because after sending the threatening letters they took away the simcards , but he said it was due to the hard work of the police investigating team and they were arrested for this matter.
They said that only the Police Department can do that.
He said that lack of knowledge and understanding is not the cause of the shortage but only theft.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has issued new guidelines regarding the Covid-19 pandemic following an increase in the number of cases last month across the country.
In Mawsynram, the Mawjymbuin Creek is famous for its San Stone Mawshyiap, the tallest creek in the world.
Airisha Marweiñ, Mr.Pherbirthstarson Marweiñ, Miss.
Until now, according to the estimates of milk producers in West Jaintia Hills, they can produce only 25 grams of milk per day, while in the state it is 85 grams.
“We will not allow the government to pass laws on the powers of Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs as they are part of the district council,” said HYC General Secretary Roberjune Kharjahrin.
Shillong: From June 30, 2022, MeECL will start extinguishing fires in parts of Shillong and surrounding areas, according to a report.
However, the road is not complete because it still reaches across the river, and people have to carry food or goods from the market, and they have to pay a high fare.
At the same time, the Bishop urged all the Christians to pray for the victory over this disease and by obeying all the government's directives.
The meeting was conducted by the President of SRI, P.Shylla. It was also reported that various villages including the Seiñ Raij from Wahiajer, Ïalong and Nongkhyllem came to take part in the Behdeiñkhlam. .
The Minister said that regarding the suspension of the construction of the railway line, he will consider tomorrow how to take the necessary action.
Not only the mandarin characters, but also a map of China, was drawn on the site.
She said that until now there are no full time staff and there is still a lot of delay in the working methods due to the lack of appointment of various posts.
Compromise Nongrum said that below Khanduli village there is Myn-i village and the residents of Myn-i village have voter ID cards from Meghalaya. Many benefits including development projects, Aganwadi centres, schools, ration have been received from the Meghalaya government.
Regarding this incident, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Kharkrang, has reminded the people especially the women not to be deceived by people whom they know only on the Internet.
The SDMA has invited and invited the public to attend the day to learn and see how to act in case of natural disasters such as earthquake and fire. This is a training to prepare for natural disasters.
This distinction is important to note.
The Committee also invited the leaders of Ri-Bhoi including Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang, Dasakhiatbha Lamare MLA Mawhati, KHADC leaders Arpit Upadhayay, Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi who is also Member Secretary of the Committee, SP of Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad, Hima and Village Authorities from Syiems, Ministers of Himas and various raids.
Referring to the Iewduh, the EM said that the Iewduh is a sacred market, but in this market there are many foreigners. Latiplang Kharkongor, EM in charge of Trade and Industry.
In the event that tuition is charged, it should be arranged with the remaining months.
The Minister also informed that the North East, if it moves forward together, can contribute significantly to the country's goal of strengthening the country's income.
In Tura, NGH, which tied first, scored only 40 runs from 14.5 overs. Although NGH set a low target, it was not easy for EGH to score the win as only Gulgul scored 9 runs not out. .
On this occasion, there were also songs and dances by the women as a sign of celebration and also the presentation of costumes made by the participants. Celebration of the 3rd Anniversary of the Village Organization.
However, the stadium has been completely destroyed and abandoned for many years since the government forcibly implemented the signboard road from half of the Lyngkhat football ground.
“The lack of electricity supply is a problem faced by the people of Western Ri Bhoi,” said Bah Najim Kharmalki, Vice Chairman of the Western Ri Bhoi Development Council (WRBDC). Najim said that the students who take the test from the Part of the matriculants who are still in progress find it difficult to read and also those who have to prepare for the final examination when the light does not come properly.
JSU War Jaintia Circle also seized five grams of heroin from a vehicle at Umlakroh in Amlarem Sub-Division.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the possibility of ethnic tensions due to the border dispute with the Karbi in Block I, Block II. The leaders of the Karbi Students' Association (KSA) should refrain from making any statements that could lead to violence but should allow the people to take their decision freely.
Our Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people are one of the smallest and most unique people in the world.
“We must take part in turning this bad practice into a good one to clean up corruption,” said Bah Kharshiing.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) and Punjab police have collected evidence from the scene of the blast.
We should not be happy with the money we have collected and give too much light to the tourists.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Kevin John Khyllait, who won the Rnong Medal in the Cycling Race, said that this is his first time to take part in the Road Race.
“Maria remembered,” said Fr. Pio, “that the North East was consecrated to Mary and she would not allow the Chinese troops to do anything bad to the North East.
Among the leaders who can become Chief Ministers of the opposition NPP & BJP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit of the VPP party has already been one of the leaders to lead the Government as the new Chief Minister of the coalition government. Meghalaya.
No matter how you see yourself now, you can easily become a strong and independent woman.
These are recent incidents and include long-standing incidents where no one has been found yet, he said.
He said he has already met with TMC leaders whether they belong to Meghalaya or even those from the highest authorities.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Garod said that the organization of such events encourages the young athletes to live a disciplined life in order to avoid bad habits and succeed in life in any field.
As has been the case in the past years, Bhutan has been a strong team in the SAFF, but in this tournament they have not been able to play well against India.
“I urge the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to open this MCH hospital immediately so that it will be of great benefit to the residents of West Khasi Hills,” said Bah Gabriel. On the other hand, the Minister promised that in July she will visit the hospital to inspect the condition of the hospital.
He was also invited to become a professor at the Calcutta University at the age of 30 and was elected and invited to serve as the Vice-Chancellor of the Andhra University. at the age of 40 and where He worked for 5 years there.
This will come into effect from Saturday (8th November) when the power outage from 8 hours a day will be reduced to 7 hours.
Jowai, Nailur 30: As part of the celebration of Gandhi Jayanti, the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District together with the Dorbar Shnong Iawmusiang, Market Residents, Market Committees and the Municipal Board today held a CNI Market, Seiñ Raij Market, Shyiap Jowai Market and parts of Iawmusiang Road.
After this, there were many criticisms against the MSOA and the sports department of the state government, but the Prime Minister himself visited the residences of the players and found himself. and without delay he evacuated those players who stayed in the area to hotels.
“In fact, if there is any complaint, it should not come to the dorbar or the public, but it comes alone,” said Bresswell.
Looking at these efforts of the government to help the people through the MLAs, it has undoubtedly been a great blessing to the various constituencies who have experienced the mercy.
The death toll from the coronavirus has risen to 21,000 and 4.6 lakh people have been infected.
For the proper maintenance of the forests, the government will provide compensation to the villages, he said.
When asked when you will join he said “I don’t know when and where this conversation came from? There are talks to join the NPP but we have not taken any decision and I don't want to say anything now but be patient and wait for the right time”.
He said that after the incident, he had to climb up the hill for an hour to ask for help from the people passing by.
Genesis 19:24-29.
On the other hand, the Punjabi leader said that they don't have any such information because they haven't received any proposal from the government to discuss the issue. this work.
A team of senior doctors from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare headed by Additional Secretary Sanjeeva Kumar has visited the state to conduct research to curb the spread of the disease.
In the past, only sisters from the Spanish coast came to establish a medical clinic in Maweit.
Welcoming the new teachers, Conrad K. Sangma said that teachers have a major role to play in bringing about change and shaping the character of the children.
We don't even want to go to the Surajpur branch.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, has urged the brother of Bah Robert G Lyngdoh, former Minister of Home Affairs, to give his opinion to restore peace and order in Garo Hills. wickedness and violence have increased.
We HOPE THAT THE UDP, HSPDP, KHNAM, PDF, NPP WHO HOLD THE KEY TO THE GOVERNMENT will do whatever is necessary to appoint a Government Committee to complete these obstacles to the recognition of the Khasi Hills by the Constitution of India. The Federation of Khasi States and the children of thousands from the villages of Ri Khasi and Jaintia have been affected by this lockdown. These agreements and promises have been signed for 70 years due to a misunderstanding between the Dorbars of KHADC and the State Government on the issue of recognition of the Hima Khasi States under the Constitution of India.
The Indian Embassy in Ramallah, in collaboration with the Indian Embassy in Cairo, has confirmed that these Indians have been able to cross safely.
The state has witnessed the growth of the richest politicians but the state and the people are poor.
The state has been temporarily victorious from this disease but it is only when the brothers and sisters from abroad have come that it has started to get a place again but even so you too should not lose hope.
This means that God spoke to the world through His Son 2,000 years ago.
In what Timothy was, and in what we are, the same word is spoken today as it was spoken to Timothy by saying- “Do the work of an evangelist, fulfill the ministry of me" 2 Timothy 4:5.
East Khasi Hills has 176 new cases and Ribhoi 48 cases.
They will have to pay Lajong for an undisclosed fee,” said a club source.
The purpose of the Recruitment Year in the Reservation Policy is to differ from the Recruitment Cycle of the 100 Point Roster, according to the O.M.
“As the election is approaching, we want to prepare well to contest the 2023 election.
She told reporters today that the houses of the people who were raided in Umsawli are illegally occupied and therefore, there is no need to send information to them when they raid.
Isn't it time for us to forget all these things in the past and think again so that we can bring about unity once again?
Umkrem village has been known as a hideout for insurgents in recent years.
On the last day of the festival, Samla Banker Kharkongngor, a famous Khasi singer, performed a beautiful and meaningful song.
During the visit to Pynthor, Pelcy said that Vijaya found that there are two poor children who do not go to school anymore just because their father is injured. “The BJP government will know the cost and not the state government,” said Pelcy. She said that Vijaya wants to spend time in Meghalaya, a state that values ​​women. give information to many schemes on how the poor can stand on their feet.
In this regard, Bah Tynsong said that he has had talks with the NHIDCL to take measures to prevent the landslide in Rngaiñ as the rain has also come.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, today met with the Governor of Meghalaya to discuss the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act
West Garo Hills has 12 cases and West Khasi Hills has the same number.
These are the times when there is also a shortage of water, due to the drying up of ponds, the lack of water wells.
Shillong, Nailur 5: The Meghalaya Government Nurses Service Association (MGNSA) has refused to comply with the deadline of two months for the government to implement their demands. The Government should not be discouraged by giving more time to complete the work as demanded.
Laitkor have not lost or drawn in all five matches this year.
The reason is that as it is said that the road is the lifeblood of the state, whether it is in terms of economic development, traffic, transportation and other aspects of human life. daily.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Laloo said that after years of joining various parties, there has been a consensus with the supporters to join the TMC. He said that the supporters of Mylliem have taken this decision to join the TMC because they are happy to be with a big party and especially a party that is still clean and has nothing to do with the TMC. Laloo said that the issues of the MDA government will be discussed at other forums and he is confident that the TMC will rule in 2023 under the leadership of the President of the party. .
On the same day, World Mental Health Day 2022 was also celebrated.
The CoMSO also wants to meet with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagatha Roy to discuss the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
Sordar Kynsai said that every month there is a meeting between the village authorities and the Presbyterian Church to discuss the work of the Synod.
Please prove or be an example to those of you who are no longer Khasi:-Regarding the climb of Mount Sohpetbneng, we think that BahKong / KongBah don't need to read the book of life and death of anyone. .
BJP President Ernest Mawrie will contest from Mawprem. The NPP has also announced its candidate MM Danggo (Ranikor), former HSPDP MLA from Mawprem. Edmund K Sangma (Phulbari) and four other MDCs including Bernard N Marak from South Tura, Dipul R Marak (Rangsakona) from South Tura. Former MDC David Kharsati from Nongthymmai will contest against UDP General Secretary Jemino and AITC President Charles Pyngrope.
“This allocation will increase every year, so that the District Councils can start research in various fields, whether it is in literature, video recording or other means to record the unique culture of different ethnic groups in Meghalaya,” said the Minister.
“If the casino which means 3 K will be there, which means alcohol, empty and women and this will affect the youth in the state, then as a sign of concern we will hold a protest. bring the lamp," he said.
In the final match, Nangbah Mooknor beat Tpepale 2-0
However, it is unfortunate that the state government while implementing this roster system has fallen behind by creating unemployment for Garo people according to the 40:40 ratio, according to a complaint from some political parties. Garo Hills, and bsut this in the current job recruitment which has affected the Khasi job seekers as the share of Khasi is no longer 40% but has decreased further.
The Enforcement Directorate on Tuesday confirmed that DMK leader and Tamil Nadu Higher Education Minister K Ponmudy has issued fake licenses for sand mining to the MP’s son, to family members and to persons engaged in illegal activities, and with the money generated from these practices in illegal sand mining companies were bought who are abroad, the source said.
Later, Adelbert said that he will support Glen Khongwir in the upcoming MDC election from Mawkhar Pynthor constituency and will not support the KHNAM candidate. KHNAM President Pyndapbor Saibon should resign from the post.
Khliehmynkrem opened the scoring in the 3rd minute through Marle Khlem, then E Mynthlu scored the second goal in the 18th minute. he scored in the 65th minute.
There is a great danger if the youth of today will not become the leaders who will lead the Jaidbynriew in the future.
When asked, the leader said, “We expect that, but an election is an election and we should not forget this.
Finally, the State demands that the Government should pay compensation to all those families who have been damaged and injured due to the CRP, said a statement from Samla Macdonald Jitem Publicity. Secretary KSU Mawlai Circle.
When asked about the money, Bah Disparsing said that the report does not mention how the money was spent but it shows that T.9.28 crore was spent on drug addicts since from 2010 to
Another answer which shocked the MDCs was on the question by AA Shullai why the District Council has disposed of the garbage from the market at Lad Stadium Iawmusiang, but the answer was no. EM E.Teron said the question was not clear.
So the things that belong to man do not last forever.
During the visit, it was learned that earlier, this flower called 'Jah Khei' had blossomed in 2003, in Mawsmai area, within the border of Mawpyrshong, Raid Lawai, which passes through Thangsning village. and Smit, and is about 40kms from Shillong.
Also present on the occasion were the President of the HSPDP, Bah PK Pangniang, the President of the HSPDP Ri Bhoi, Bah PB Sylliang, HSPDP Secretary from Ri Bhoi District and other party leaders from Ri Bhoi District.
The youth, who used to drive a Swift Desire (ML-04-D-1113), has been missing since Tuesday and his body was found in the evening.
Meanwhile, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, welcoming the name Bharat, wrote on Social Media X, formerly known as Twitter, "Republic of India"
He said that if the people elect the VPP, the fight is against corruption and a clean and transparent governance will be brought about.
They have seen the opportunities that are available in the state because the villagers don't know how to do it or because they don't know how to produce umsyep or because they want to run up and down and because they don't know what to do. it shall be a destruction after the inheritance.
During the investigation, police found that the fire broke out from the kitchen and spread to other rooms.
The groups were also empowered to set rules and regulations for the safety of shops as far as possible, such as reducing the number of shops, ensuring the distance between shops and others, in order to ensure that Pedestrians shall have space to walk and that the safety and security of the roads shall not be compromised.
The house of Munna Ahmed was built of lyntang and tin for the temporary accommodation of foreigners who came to work in the area.
Regarding the complaint by the students to the RBYF, Samla Rishan Nongtri, President of the RBYF Patharkhmah Circle, urged the contractor who is constructing the road from Mairang to Rani Bari, to fill it with roads. stone in such parts, so that it will not affect the school children, who use to walk in these parts of the road from PWD Patharkhmah to Umkadhor.
The nurses who attended the training included Dr. Bakyntiew Mawkhiew, Assistant Professor, Dr. Graceful D. Lyngdoh, Dr. H. Gordon Robert Hospital Shillong, Dr. Jubida Rynjah, Assistant Nursing Lecturer, GNRC Guwahati; J Lakiang, DM & HO, Rani Dhar and others.
Although Atlanta scored, the players had several good chances, but Thiago Almada couldn't score due to the strong support of the Miami goalkeeper.
Rupang also spoke to NPP MDC and former Dy.CEM of GHADC Augustine Sangma.
The Education Department is one of the departments that no one wants to take over, because it is a very difficult department to run.
Modi said the move was taken to curb the spread of counterfeit currency and illegal depositors.
The Government of India, in these days, has been passing many new laws and these laws, it seems, have taken away various powers of the State Governments.
However, not all his fellow MLAs or government officials are happy with his distribution of grants to the people 100 per cent, because you know that others have money.
He also encouraged the farmers not to worry but as the Minister he will always be with them and if they have any problems they can contact him in collaboration with the officers to implement the schemes. to develop and to encourage the farmers to improve in agriculture, he added.
The husband, who cut himself from his neck to protect himself from the police, but during the investigation, he confessed that he killed his wife because of his suspicion of the bapli. .
Israel had 20 kings.—2 Kings 17:3-4
Rakkam surrendered four AK Rifles and other small arms through talks with church leaders and volunteers.
At the same time, many supporters of the UDP and NPP have joined the TMC in Umroi Constituency. They were welcomed by the Vice President of the Party and MLA of Umroi, Bah George B. Lyngdoh in the presence of MP of the Rajya Sabha from West Bengal, Derek O'Brien.
Speech was also delivered by the Principal of the school, in which she congratulated the Seng Samla and said that they are the most fortunate to take part in this programme. Resource Person in various fields and it was very useful for the children as well as all those who attended this day.
We also want to complete the construction by November 2021 and July
This will also include the intention to expand the World Bank and International Monetary Fund to those countries that are better equipped and able to produce more benefits.
We can also come to know God through our prayers.
The UN Security Council has therefore urged all organizations and countries of the world to fight as much as possible to end these rules and restrictions that the Taliban has implemented since its takeover. the government in Afghanistan in recent years.
This election process will be based on the international electoral system.
Shillong: About 32 shopkeepers and shopkeepers of Dkhar bars have been evicted by the Enforcement Police of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today from Iewduh area, Iewmawlong, for not having proper documents. trading license.
A strong earthquake measuring 6.4 on the Richter scale struck Shillong and many parts of the state this morning at 7.51 am.
His wife, Kong Palma Manih, came out of the house to bring a tiffin and a shamoit to feed him.
On the other hand, the President of TULBA, Bah Kyrshanlang Nongbri and TULBA as a whole are deeply saddened to see that many youths in this age have become addicted to such alcoholic beverages. These drinks cause many problems and impacts on society and it is a decline in the value of the country and the nation as a whole because it is said that the youth are the future. of the country and the nation.
Ms Khymdeit said that the lack of proper rules will prevent the contractors from registering and this will affect the reputation of the Council.
Rowell is 86 years old.
“In 2018, they won only 19 seats but they will run the government until the end of
Speaking on the occasion, the General Secretary of the FKJGP, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, said that the group has been able to achieve their goals. They did not hesitate to celebrate their special day by celebrating this special day as it is celebrated all over the world.
Seyboth Wild, who has not won a tournament since June 2022, has strengthened his performance against Daniil in the last match. last for four hours 15min.
In this second demarcation, the Seng urges the two governments to include all the remaining six sectors such as Nongmynsaw (Langpih), Block 1, Block 2, Psiar & Khanduli, Deshdomria. (Raid Khadar Bongthai), Baridua & Nongwah Mawtamur, no sector should be maintained.
“Bah Michael Kharsyntiew contested from Umsning Constituency in 2018 and was defeated.
The All India Football Federation (AIFF) has been criticized for selecting players on the basis of a referee. The Indian Express reported that these players were selected during the AFC Asian Cup last year.
“Whether this report is true or not, we will know exactly after the ticket has been announced. It is true that Uma Bharti has no intention of contesting, but she has no intention. Regarding the remarks of leaders like Jaswant Singh (from Barmer, Rajasthan) and Lalmuni Chaube after they lost their tickets, Naidu said: Member of the BJP Central Election Committee, he said that he has not agreed to give the ticket to the former minister.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the Union, Bah RL Blah, urged other Dorbar Shnongs who wish to hold meetings in their areas to inform the General Secretary as soon as possible.
Umphyrnai, which won the title, received a cash prize of T.10,000 along with a trophy and medals while Sohryngkham received T.6,000 and a trophy. medal.
“However, we want to get detailed information on this matter before taking a decision to set up a committee of inquiry,” said the CEM of KHADC. Earlier, there was a misuse of the funds allocated for the Khasi Heritage Village.
The writers and those who attended the wedding ceremony, have been the spreaders of the corona virus in this country and it can be said that they are the ones who brought about the community transmission and now they will turn. be silent killers or terrible murderers.
Handakaru Ïakai, Head Teacher, Chilliangraij SSA Upper Primary School, Jowai, urged the students to hold on to any training or explanation they have received during these two months of this program and to become students who know how to maintain good manners and to fulfill their duties properly as school children.
Greetings from Isaiah Salahe!From khahnar villageWorking in Hyderabad since 2015 till date.
I have suffered everything, besides being the only MLA, they should have respected me.
The child was in the car with his mother, while they were passing through the Pissevin area of ​​the city, when they encountered the group of robbers and attacked them at about 11:30 Monday night.
They said that they have already filed a case for further investigation.
Simeon Suchiang (48', 55', 70' and Dowell John Shylla (49', 62', 90') did not miss the golden opportunity. One hat-trick was enough for Ladthadlboh to score the most goals.
Two bags containing 2.771 grams of amphetamine were recovered from Sanju's body.
Dr Mawthoh stressed that the freedom of choice of the youth in the field of entertainment is also a way to spread the Suwari industry in the state to attract them. tourists to visit these areas'
In the State Legislative Assembly in October, it is understood that the government, led by the Mizo National Front (MNF), will introduce a strong bill to ban the alcohol sales.
In the U-17 men's category, Mynken Christian Higher Secondary School and Nongjri Presbyterian Secondary School reached the final without a goal.
The police department in the district has been ordered to implement this order.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U MLA of South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai on Saturday said that the wisdom of the people of Laban to elect an MLA at this time has led them to get more schemes. before other MLAs from other parties receive schemes from the Smart City Project.
The body of Wantei was taken to SOS Children Village in Umiam where he was buried.
On the other hand, the DC has ordered the environmental organization to clean up the color so that the beauty will be as it should be since ancient times.
There are 26 teams participating in the tournament including Pahamrioh SC, Ri Syon NEFC, Oste Phi Oiñ FC, Lajong FC, Ehrngiew FC, Beneris FC, Nongkwar FC, Galaxy Junior FC and Galaxy Junior FC. Galaxy United FC, RMKFC, Blue Bumbar FC, Sunset Valley.
Shillong, Naiwieng: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District, today informed all the ration consumers of the district that the ration rice under the NFSA, Non-NFSA as well as the atta from the portion this month of November 2022 has been released through their ration distribution shops.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF) has strongly opposed the decision of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) to ban coal mining in Meghalaya. It has affected the income of many people and the state as a whole.
However, if Dr. Mukul Sangma or any other leader wants to rejoin the party, we have to send him back to Delhi and then it will give its approval,” he added.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, today said that the relocation of the CRPF to New Shillong Township will be successful only with the approval of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, to take over the land allocated by the State Government. .
Mukul Sangma stressed the need to prioritize the insecurity in the state and talked about the increase in crime in the state.
This registration will enable Government departments to identify the beneficiaries and to provide assistance without any delay.
In another development, the online registration for the Padma Awards-2024 has started from 1st June. 2023 through the National Award Portal.
He will have two programs but details will be sent by his office in the coming days.
This donation is part of the KSU's support to the Women's Wing of this village which has started this school since 2009 to provide education to the children who do not have the opportunity to continue their education especially those who lack education. get the court.
“After discussion and reading, we have decided to reject the Tenancy Bill immediately and urge the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma to call for talks with the protesting parties in the state,” he said. said Mr. Ryngksai.
Shillong: Hearing the suggestions of the TRAI to provide in advance the requirement of numbers for landlines and mobile phones, the Telecommunications Department has decided to implement the following: phone from landline to mobile from 15th July,
But to remain as it is now, we will not accept.
As soon as he saw the crowd trying to arrest him, Ali fell from the well and was seriously injured.
Also present were Bah Lambor Malngiang, MDC Nongkrem, Martin M Danggo, MLA Ranikor, Syiem Balajied Singh Syiem and others.
He urged the students to work hard and make the most of this smart class which will improve their future.
Shillong: U BJP Leader and Minister of State, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, on Tuesday said that the results of the MLA results in the four elections today have shown that there is no need to discuss who will lead the party. The government will rule the country in 2024, but the BJP will not rule the country.
On this occasion, he said that in a place in Kolkata, when he went to a village, he was surprised that they put a statue of a god and there, he asked the reason and they said that it was “Those who want to go abroad, have to worship the idol”, but since the erection of this idol.
Earlier, the suspect had stopped a blue vehicle by shooting at the driver and took the driver outside without injuring him. The car went to the Center Block near the Parliament Hall, where the construction was still going on.
“Do they come here by spending money from their own pockets or do they spend public money for political purposes,” he said.
“At this meeting, we have also discussed the problems faced by the drivers and assistants of the umphiang carriers, so we have decided to hold a meeting one day to address these issues. problems “.
According to Bah Jyrwa, the CEM of KHADC has asked the MDC of Mawhati constituency not to issue NOC or Trading License to these two companies to set up a factory in Mawthei, Khlieh Umtrew. Umsiang and Sohpdok are located in the southern part of the country.
Shillong: Replying to a question by Mohendro Rapsang Congress on the report of the High Level Committee on the Harijan Colony, the Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, said: The High Level Committee has not yet sent its report to the state government.
They are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident to identify the perpetrators.
Two of these youths are from Mawryngkneng, one from Umpling, one from Mawiong and one from Mawkyrwat.
The heavy rainfall and wind has caused problems to the people of the area in walking, going to the market and especially the people who face difficulties when they try to go to the market. Many villages in Amlarem Sub-Division have been without electricity for many days. due to the damage to signs, post lights and transformers due to the natural disasters.
“As the village leader, I am sorry that this work has been delayed.
He cannot leave the border of India without the permission of the IO or the court.
Other office bearers and members of the Executive Committee will be elected at the General Meeting scheduled to be held on 17th November 2021 at the Hall of Mawthadraishan Block, Nongshillong at 11 am.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The government has not yet confirmed whether to name the Mawlai Block in Mawlai and according to the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, the government will decide soon.
Before speaking, the former North Shillong MLA prayed for forgiveness from his late father, for his threat to his father when he (Adelbert) entered politics.
A mother from Assam, as soon as she met her son after the ceremony, hugged him with love and tears of joy flowed from her eyes. , which is an inspiration to other youths of the state and the country, that as children they should work hard and should also understand the specialness of parents to their children.
As I mentioned above, the rice doesn't need much care when it grows like a shiphut.
These vehicles were released and flagged down by the Minister of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary, Bah AL Hek.
It was not easy for Sidharth Shukla in the competition, as he has been criticized for his presence and participation in the competition, but Sidharth Shukla has fought hard from the tournament. for the purpose of winning the title.
Dr Kharshiing said the CEM of GHADC has supported the demand of the Union.
According to information received, the truck overturned at night near the National Highway due to the speeding of the driver. Police are conducting an investigation into the incident. the law.
Jayapradha went back to the police in Villupuram and they immediately searched for Suresh, where they found him in Hosur, living with another woman.
“However, the surprising thing is that no one knows who won because the vote was not counted.
That under this Government, all the 1.3 billion citizens of India should be its subjects; you can’t disagree, you can’t point fingers at it, you can’t list its shortcomings.
The Congress party has also demanded that the rule of the President should be introduced in the state, as the BJP government has failed to control the situation in the state.
Treasurer: Six Dwingly Rings.
Within a few hours after the signboard was destroyed by the residents of Khanduli, the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) authorities came to erect the signboard at the same place to protect themselves.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Police, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government is investigating to confirm the identity of those people living in Lum Survey. and that the law will take appropriate action if it finds those who are illegally occupying it.
When asked, the Minister said that the road is now clear where the State will reach.
The Waheh Shnong said that the village has been holding a football tournament since ancient times which has been attended by 9 (nine) players from all over the country.
The KSU is pleased to learn that this girl has been selected by the Sports Authority of India (SAI), Shillong to train herself in this training camp for talented children and youth in various sports.
Expressing his satisfaction that the 10-piece statue of the freedom fighter has finally been unveiled in Dhaka, Bah Sanbor said he has taken steps to bring forward a proposal to build the statue. He was born in Dhaka during his tenure as Minister of Arts and Culture.
The Seng is ready to work with the district authorities to create the mechanisms to protect the income and also to bring peace and stability, said the statement.
Jowai, November 9: The Chief Executive Officer, Jowai Municipal Board, Jowai has announced that from 2nd November 2013, another Government Bus – JPTS has started running from Jowai Civil Hospital. (Panaliar) via Iong Piah, Mission Compound, Ladthadlaboh (NH44) to District Hospital Ialong at a reasonable price.
Similarly, God did not reveal the date, month, or year of Jesus Christ's birth.
(1) Thoughts, thoughts, actions, and judgments are full of evil.
The Rangbah Shnong of Kuliang, Bah Min Lamare and the Secretary of the Village, Bah Perwon Nongpluh, witnessed the visit.
He said that it is a great loss for us as exporters in Byrnihat, because we have to pay tax to the same government department in two places, because before we have already paid in Umling, but now we have to pay once again on 13Mer,” said Bah Jeslin Syngkli.
The MP to the Rajya Sabha, Kong Wansuk Syiem, said that the Bill will bring many benefits to Meghalaya.
“There is no intention to hold a dorbar tlang in Tura,” Mondal said.
Shillong: The curfew at the Sohra Police Station has been extended from 6 pm to 10 pm tomorrow and after 4 pm tomorrow. shall not be employed until further notice.
Shillong: Police have recovered 21 pistols, magazines, two walkie talkies and documents of the GNLA from a square in Dorengkigre, near the GNLA. After receiving a tip, police went to the forest in Durama, near the Simsang River, and said that they were not able to leave the area. They searched the ground and found these weapons buried in the forest.
Speaking on the Reservation Policy, Bah Paul said, “If we talk about this issue, it will affect not only the High Court but also the Supreme Court.
Use it properly and to improve the language.
Bah Warjri warned that if the employees fail without proper reasons, they will be considered as failing without authority and will be punished according to the law.
“He said that they have requested the Minister of Education that the appointment should be according to the districts so that it will not cause problems to the teachers if there is a difference in the language.
“Has the Government promised that the area where these families are planned to be brought will not become Gora Lane?
Speaking to media, one of the youths who is looking for police jobs said that if the government expedites the recruitment process and if they get in, they don't have the right to patrol the police station. they are responsible for doing their job properly according to the requirements of the job even if they have to go to war.
The bus (JK17-6787) was heading to Kishtwar from Keshwan when it crashed near Srigwari.
However, these words do not give mankind the power to destroy, to be hostile and to exert power over creation.
This is already a threat to Meghalaya and other states in the North East from the smuggling and illegal entry of Bangladeshi authorities.
The village leaders have apologized to the Seng Khasi leaders for not allowing the cremation of the body of Bah Kulam Nongrum.
“If they can donate money to stay in this area, we too as the organization have helped the low income paradoh parasnam to build a house for them to stay here,” he said. young Nazis.
“It would be more pleasant and encouraging that this club should be run by Khasi or by Self Help Groups (SHGs) through the three Dorbar Shnongs around the area so that it can open up the opportunity for Khasi. Our youth who are suffering from unemployment,” said the petition.
During the collaboration between the CRPF and the Women and Child Development Department, the three teams from Srinagar, Shillong and Kanyakumari will talk to people involved in the BBBP case such as school children and college students, women's SHGs, NCC cadets, children of CCIs, NYKS members, youth men and women, anganwadi workers in various districts.
The Chairman of the Union, Bah Hilarious Wanñiang, while talking to reporters, said that the reason why the elders of the Hima are against is because they said that the Kur has been removed from the Bill. “Does the CEM know where and when the Malai clan came to invade the Malai Hima? “It's not the truth,” said Hilarious Wanniang.
The fire symbolizes man's weakness and humility, to humble himself before God.
About 11 accounts of the Congress party, which contained Rs 215 crore, have been closed by the BJP through the Income Tax Department. 115 crore tyngka has been sent to the account of the Income Tax Department and the action of the BJP party is after they have seen that only the Congress party will fight against the BJP party. In the past few months, the party has received donations from private individuals and many from Shillong have also donated to the party.
The UDP has already proposed Dr Jemino Mawthoh to the MDA as the joint candidate while the HSPDP has proposed Renikton L Tongkhar but the NPP and PDF have not yet proposed. now.
On the other hand, Bah Seibor Lyngdoh, one of the leaders of the group, urged the people to support the demand of the group to appoint a Khasi Prime Minister.
When the garden is not guarded, the wild animals enter at will to eat and destroy at will the plants and seeds planted inside the garden.
Dr Khlur Mukhim said that according to the changes of the past people are still stupid but in this age not only women or men but it depends on the ability especially in the field of education.
He said that the protest will intensify in Ri-Bhoi only because of the dismissal of these two Longkmie and the complaint filed by the President of the party on the issue of MUDA, Byrnihat.
Speaking on the occasion, the Senior District Health Officer, Dr. H. Synmon, in charge of the Rynjah State Health Dispensary, East Khasi Hills, said that the government has issued a statement on the importance of drugs in Meghalaya.
That was in 1952.
In a statement, Baranwal said that in order to avoid any doubts and misunderstandings about the video of what happened on National Highway 6 near Wahïajer village today, he was on his way to Participated in a program of Divine Words Secondary School, Lumshnong and also for a meeting with the Project Director, DRDA, East Jaintia Hills, Block Development Officer, Lumshnong C&RD Block and all the Gram Sevaks and BTAs of the Block. .
The service started on 8th October and will end today.
On the opening day of the tournament, Pearly Dew beat St. Anne's 5-1
The new office bearers of FKJGP Mawkyrwat Unit are President Shanborlang Nongsiej, Sunshine Shangdiar as General Secretary and other leading office bearers and members of the FKJGP Mawkyrwat Unit who were sworn in on this occasion.
Commander Shangpliang from Mawkyrwat was elected as the Chairman, Vice Chairman K Suting, General Secretary BL Nongum and Assistant General Secretary. Arnes Myrthong, Organizing Secretary Erik Syiemlieh, Finance Secretary W Lytan and Advisors L Manner and K Kurbah were also elected.
More important is convenience for the public.
He said this while inaugurating the Mawlangkhar Sub Center today 14th November 2022 in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner, Sordars, and residents of 10 sub centres. The villages under this Sub Center are in Mawlangkhar.
They were also taught how to grow Sohmynken jhur in plastic houses to get more yield and can get plastic at subsidy price from Horticulture itself and how to grow Soh Plom in better methods to get better and more soh.
However, the truth is that none of them will dare to sacrifice one's life for the sake of the country, as this great man of ours has done.
“We have had to face difficult times, but with our efforts we will be able to control the situation in the coming years,” he added.
At the same time, Conrad said that these police stations should be equipped with adequate patrolling policemen who will be recruited from the existing policemen and if necessary, they will be deployed and equipped. They will be sufficient for these Police Stations to provide peace and security to the people on the border.
“It is a long road and for that reason the VC cannot just implement the NEP hastily and without proper justification.
The Minister said that the aim is not to clean up the city in one day but to bring about a change in the mindset of the people.
Besides these youth meeting places, which have coffee shops, it offers schools to teach English and other new subjects.
According to the Board's announcement, only those students who fail or are detained in three subjects can sit for the examination again only in those subjects which they failed.
Shah Rukh Khan and SS Rajamouli have been named on Time's 100 Most Influential List, which annually selects the most influential people who inspire others through their work. to participate in this list.
However, the union expressed doubt, because according to the documents, they are not employees of the company, but only employees of contractors who come for a few days.
Evanfield said the union had discussed with the SDO of MEeCL last month and the SDO informed that a transformer has been requested for the village but it has not been seen yet. There is nothing to do with the transformer.
The country's men's and women's football teams have qualified for the Asian Games for the first time in nine years.
According to the voice of the people, in these two constituencies, the contest for the MDC seat 2014 is between these three prominent parties.
The Head Master of the school said that the school was established in 1982 as LP School, in 1992 as UP School, in 1999 as Secondary School and this year again. sha you rank Higher Secondary.
The founders of small factories such as umsoh factories and other sohtrun food factories were also present on the occasion.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 10: It is a good news and a good example for us who are physically fit as God has given us. They don't see and blindly take that decision again by holding a successful wedding and taking that decision for the sake of establishing a new family.
She managed to lead the team to score 207 runs and the team lost nine wickets in all 35 overs.
Regarding the lack of peace and stability in Manipur, the party will send a petition to the Prime Minister of India and also to the Chief Minister of Manipur to ensure that they restore peace and stability in the state.
Therefore, to please others is first to please God according to His Word by obeying God's laws and commandments.
Now I will read Resolution No.PER 222/71/138 of 12th July 1972, and I will go straight to the section which reads as follows –a) There shall be a reservation of 40% in the employment for Khasi. bad Jaintia; b) There shall be a reservation of 40% in the employment of Garo.
He is the Deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha and has also contested the Presidential elections of India.
“An Expert Committee will be set up to review the current situation in consultation with various groups and organizations regarding the demand for the Inner Line Permit and will discuss the issue. “It is the best way to benefit the people,” said the AITC in its election manifesto released by AITC National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee at a meeting held in Shillong.
The program was held at the Multipurpose Hall of the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District. .
Khliehriat, November 12: The Dorbar Shnong of Moolamylliang, East Jaintia Hills District, will light Christmas lights throughout the village in the presence of the MP of the Jajya Sabha. , Bah WR Kharlukhi, will be the chief guest to open the fireworks display on the 18th November 2023 and MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla will be the chief guest.
No announcement shall be made at polling stations or outside until the resolutions have been announced.
In Meghalaya, the Lokayukta Act was enacted by the Legislative Assembly of the State in
He urged the students to work hard to succeed in their studies and urged the parents to take responsibility in the education of their children. children especially when education is very valuable in today's world.
All three are from Garo Hills District.
On the other hand, the SP traffic has listened to the complaints of the people and promised to take these complaints to the relevant authorities.
In order to increase the number of tourists in the area, Dr. Lapang also gave an example that the Sohra area has been temporarily short of tourists due to the rudeness of the villagers.
Ed) which is the Open and Distance Learning of the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) is not suitable for becoming a teacher.
However, after a while, he said that the Hima Mylliem has asked the KHADC not to allow the Hima Dorbar to be conducted by Syiem Khynnah as the Syiem Rangbah is in trouble. The KHADC has received a letter from the Syiem Khynnah.
The union urges the government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister to take action on this issue and also the leaders of East Jaintia Hills District, Santa Mary Shylla. and Bah Kyrmen Shylla to take action on this issue so that it will not be a loss to the people of the area.
Meanwhile, the Indian National Congress (INC) will hold a strike across India on June 9 in protest against the killings in Bharat Bandh, organized by various Dalit organizations.
He said that the party will give its full support and will also meet the Chief Minister to demand that he should sign another soskular to renew the border and to including one village in Meghalaya.
Members of the court such as teachers strongly opposed this and the VC had to adjourn the meeting.
It may be recalled that on the 17th July 2013, Engineer Pohshna, EE, had taken the child and his parents to Pdengshakap PHC in the middle of the night. The patient was examined and Dr. Buam was summoned from his residence.
The price of sohsaw is up to T.100 per kilo.
In Meghalaya, 1,016 pigs have died in seven districts covering 38 villages from 25th November 2020 to 15th November , the last one, was on 4th June 2021 and said that the disease cannot kill a person from eating meat, but it needs to be cooked for 30 minutes at a temperature of 70degrees C .After the presence of infected pigs in Lamin village, in November 2020, the department has sent doctors to the affected villages and now there are 139 teams, which are looking after the disease, said. the news.
Shillong, Naitung 23: It has been 15 days since the Assistant Commissioner of Food and Safety has sent a complaint to the Guwahati Police Station for Yummy food, but no reply has been received.
The BCCI leader praised the Meghalaya Cricket Association for its hard work in building the Polo Cricket Stadium.
Ri Bhoi Police are conducting investigation and searching for the suspects involved in this robbery which has shocked the residents of the village and the area. hi all.
Shillong, Naitung 24 : A group of robbers on Monday allegedly attacked the Hindu Shiv Temple at Mahadev Khola and shot dead the devotees while they were sleeping. come with religion.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K. Sangma, on Tuesday stressed the need to strengthen public health services in the state.
Sangma was responding to a question on the allegation that candidates of various political parties have started distributing money just to get votes.
Just to remind you, the Babylonian Empire, in the time of Nebuchadnezzar, conquered the Kingdom of Judah and took the Jews captive to Babylon in 587 BC. the Kingdom of Judah, its houses, its famous buildings and the Temple were also destroyed and destroyed.
Those who were still able to escape fled without being found and most of these refugees fled to Bangladesh as mentioned above.
“At present, our farmers need money to plant and bury during the farming season.
Mom also liked that he met such a person.
The ksew is a species of creature.
JN.1 has also been confirmed in Kerala, India, after testing by the Indian Sars Cov-2 Genomics Consortium (INSAGCOG).
Similarly, the nurses working under the Corona Care should be isolated and quarantined for 10 days while they are on duty.
Shillong, November 28: The Meghalaya Peoples' United Front (MPP) to commemorate the 152nd death anniversary of Woh Kiang Nangbah, a Jaintia warrior, will hold a The march will be held from Kiang Nangbah Govt College to Mynthong Library on the 30th of this month at 4:00 pm.
In our state, it is surprising to see that the people are interested only in the election of leaders.
After hearing Sujit Dey, who is the plaintiff's lawyer, the court decided to send a letter to all the co-defendants including the Baghmara MLA.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah AL Heh, Minister of State, congratulated the Society for organizing this festival. These species are also to attract many tourists.
They have the power to build or destroy it.
The Medical Superintendent of Ganesh Das Hospital, Dr Tyngshain Wahlang, said that in fact, the management of Ganesh Das Hospital has sent another person to MeCEL. He has already sent a letter to MeCEL to relocate the transformer but it takes time for them to do so.
I Smt Irilda Dhar who lives in Amlarem sub division would like to express my deep gratitude to the owner of this hospital, Dr RS Thangkhiew who has the spirit of God to treat. ei without taking even an emergency fee for the sudden illness of my son yesterday at 11.30 p.
In the past years, people have placed these stones to cross the bridge but these stones have affected the trees and damaged them and on this basis, these stones have been removed.
Investigation into the incident is ongoing to track down the people involved in the smuggling of gold into the country, officials said.
This time, a more surprising incident has happened in this constituency where the wild elephants are also angry with the cheating of the people and it is reported that today a group of wild elephants and they went and threw down the foundation stones, until they were broken down.
The mission aims to provide drinking water to all households in rural areas by
I promise that I will continue to work hard to ensure and we will work together in all the 36 constituencies to ensure the benefits for the people.
When asked why other Hima have gathered on this order but until now no sign has been seen from the Hima Mylliem to gather the Rangbah Shnongs under its jurisdiction, “Maybe other Hima have gathered. “We have not received any information in the form of a letter to the Hima on this order,” said Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
Shanmiki Myrchiang scored the first goal for PSA in the 43rd minute from the penalty spot.
Gulab Chand Kataria will be the new Governor of Assam while Lakshman Prasad Acharya will be the Governor of Sikkim.
“This year, soft drink companies have agreed not to advertise any sugar-sweetened beverages to children under the age of 16 through all media, including through the internet.
Allow your children to take the lead : Many children don't have the opportunity to make decisions even when they are older, but remember that even if you are a parent, you need to allow your children to make decisions, but at the same time you need to explain the good and the bad, and consult with them if they make the wrong decision, but the barrier is what can affect their confidence and can also lead to behavior doubtful in the future of their lives.
Bah Laloo said the time is no longer the time to cheat, so he urged the clubs to take action and if found cheating the certificates will be canceled immediately with a fine.
The Government through the Swachh Bharat Mission to fight for a clean and sanitary country, but Jowai, the vision of West Jaintia Hills District, is still lagging behind in cleanliness and has not yet received a sanitation facility. bit kaba iban,” said Challam and added that the ban on the construction of the road cannot solve the problem, but what is needed is a consultation and a public meeting will be called soon in Jowai to discuss this. you die.
In the Tug of War (tan tyllai), Nativity HS School won both the women's and men's teams while the men's team won against Rangthong Christian. Higher Secondary School.
Furthermore, Albert Hoy wrote that the time of the Gentiles in Palestine was over and according to Ezekiel and Jeremiah the Israelites should take possession of Palestine.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Bremley Wanbantei B.Lyngdoh said that the goal of the project is to build a rain water harvesting system to collect water for food and drink. solar panels, to install bio-organic waste to fertilize rotten crops and fruits and vegetables and to install large rooms to accommodate foreign students to do their research work.
The source said that there is another road from Mynsngat village which is used by the timber traders.
Shillong, June 2: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle has organized the awarding ceremony of the Maitshaphrang Excellence Award 2013 on 1st June 2014 at Shillong Polytechnic Auditorium. Mawlai Pyllun who came to the top of the merit list from SSLC to Ph.D.
The UDP candidate for Nongstoin Constituency, Tonington Tyrsa, was accompanied by Mosklandar Marngar, Morning Tympuin and others. others.
There should be cooperation between the magistrates, police and committees at the scene, on the road and at the starting point of transportation of the idols to the burial ground.
These bikes will travel through Guwahati, Dhubri, Siliguri, Balurghat, Berhampore, Kolkata, Dhanbad, Aurangabad, Prayagraj, Kanpur, Agra in Assam, West Bengal, Jharkhand and Uttar Pradesh to reach Delhi.
Rangbah, Many protests in our Khasi country have passed without reaping the fruits of victory.
Before this, a reading from the Word of God and a prayer was delivered by B.Kharbani while the welcome speech was delivered by Asst.Centre Head B.Samyang.
The President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya, who is also the candidate for West Shillong Constituency, Ernest Mawrie on Tuesday cast his vote at the Mawprem Polling Station.
The revelation came after the relatives of the child lodged a complaint with the police and it became clearer after the mother of the child came to speak to reporters today.
She concluded her speech by encouraging the students to take Folic Acid once a month and Albendazole twice a year to eradicate anemia.
The incident occurred today after the Syiem of Raid Marwet visited the area after the incident. Police from Assam and Meghalaya had to arrive to block the land to prevent any dam from flowing into the area. There is a lot of trouble in the area, which has affected the peace and order of the people, according to sources.
The driver of the truck fled the scene.
“It’s his interpretation and understanding but it’s not at all, it’s perfectly thought out, perfectly planned and he will have to explain why he said that but the government’s own intention is to protect people “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Conrad.
At the end of the basketball tournament, the final match between the Hustles 'B' team from Nongpoh and the Hustles 'B' team from Marngar.
The winner of the taxi drivers team received a cash prize of T.20,000, while the loser of the final team received a cash prize of T. .10 thousand.
The union also demanded to request for assistance to forgive the farmers who have been affected by the lockdown to fight COVID-19 and to resume and expedite the registration with the PM. -Farmer Jonah Scheme.
According to Browne, it is a step in line with the IAF's approach to strengthening the defense of the country and the region.
This is the first contribution that farmers make to society because they save and support not only the families of the wait or mohkhiew sellers, the shang or khoh sellers, the seed sellers or fertilizer sellers but also those who make swords and spears (like the Mylliem) and also those who cut and make khoh ki shang or trab ki knup.
However, the price for the group stage is expensive,” said Gupta, who has bought tickets for three of her family members to the semifinal match at Lusail Stadium on November
They said that if MEECL does not take action on this issue, they will look for other higher ways so that tomorrow another tragic incident will happen.
“So these village roads will become parking lots to wait for the students.
The family members and the villagers on receiving the information sent them before the Dorbar and during the investigation, they said that on the night of the 30th after they returned from the birthday party, the girl she went on her way with her friend, accompanied by her young man.
WCU currently has 79 students and 29 staff and has a partnership with Grace City which is the pioneer of the William Carey University College in Umsning on an area of ​​40 acres.
The leaders also took this opportunity to express their gratitude to the Mei Syiem of Raid Mawbuh for providing the rice, which was used to complete the ritual, from Lum Dorbar. Lawnongthroh, at Mei Mawbuh and also to be able to complete the thanksgiving for six months before the ascension to Sohpetbneng.
The problem faced by the village is that heavy vehicles cannot reach the village to carry many kinds of goods.
He said that in Bangladesh, up to 90 percent of the population has clean and well-maintained toilets, while in India, not even half of the population has clean and well-maintained toilets. the pain stories are enough.
In the Senior Cadet Girls 45kg category, Nongbri won the silver medal, Evadahunshisha Kharmudai won the bronze medal and Monalisa Marak won the bronze medal.
Rubi said that on the afternoon of the 26th of June, the day before the incident, his daughter was talking to her mother over the phone to inform her about the incident. of within the university.
State Transport employees in Karnataka have decided to hold an indefinite strike from October 24 to demand an increase in their salaries. resources and on many other demands.
Due to the firm decision of the CEM of JHADC, the meeting with him was not beneficial to the members and leaders of the CCIB and they had to leave his office in anger.
The Tetelia-Byrnihat railway line has been constructed at a cost of T.496 crore.
According to ANI, the religious leader has vowed to hold a Jal samadhi at the Sarayu River if his demand is not met.
The CEO said that in Meghalaya there is only 2.3% malfunctioning of these polling machines which is lower than the national average of 5%.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Government Lower Primary Contractual Teachers Association (ALTEA) today held an indefinite strike in Shillong, until the State Government calls for talks. after these groups of teachers realized that they would be removed from the teaching profession, after the State Government, went ahead to prepare interviews for the students who had passed the examination of for Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test.
The question arises here, right? The State Government will continue to provide employment opportunities to all the youth who have completed higher education.
Three grounds have been improved in North Garo Hills including Rangga Ground at T.21.54 lakh and Dosikgittm Ground at T.22.60 lakh.
His name has been selected by the State Security Commission to take over the post of Chief of Police.
Let us not be mistaken that Kiang Nangbah was not only against the whites (Phareng) but also against the blacks.
They (Assam Police) said that they don't care and if anyone does anything they come and arrest them morning and evening.
The meeting was conducted by Ambrose Gatphoh and welcome speech was delivered by the Waheh Shnong R Tariang.
The eggs can be collected (because each stalk can produce about 400 eggs) or burned near the field.
Luke 18:9-14.
“It is illegal because it has not been approved by the Academic Council which is the body that takes decisions on matters related to education,” said Bah Rani in a statement.
Even in our country India, there are those who are red-skinned and others who are lighter-skinned.
Even I don't use a ïit ïong in my personal car.
They were released after they had paid the fine.
The HNYF appeals to these governments not to abandon the goal of bringing peace through dialogue but to open the doors to bring understanding on both sides.
Introducing the notice in the House, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui said, “The District Magistrate PK Boro, Additional District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills Hills, has decided to conduct a magisterial inquiry into the incident. prisoner and other officers".
Hardware: you can't do anything; Type is a body that cannot be touched and seen.
Pankaj Mandol took 5 wickets for 9 overs while Arbin Singh took 5 wickets for 9 overs. wicket.
Tongi, who studied at Maulana Azad College from 1985-89, got his food and necessities from Gawli's shop.
A Peace Monitoring Committee (PMC) will be set up to oversee the implementation of all the rules and regulations.
Announcing the elections, Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) Rajiv Kumar said the elections in Madhya Pradesh will be held on the 17th, Rajasthan on the 23rd, Telangana on the 30th and Mizoram on the 7th.
Shillong, November 10: The Meghalayan Age, a company under the jurisdiction of the Planning Department of the State Government and Chief Officers of the State Government, have filed a counterclaim against the National Spokesperson of All India. Trinamool Congress leader Saket Gokhale on charges of corruption in the allocation of Rs 632 crore for the implementation of the Meghalaya Eco-Tourism Infrastructure Development Project (MEIDP).
Who can cure these diseases or syndromes within the Education Department? There must be someone.
Friends, you may be good and honest people, but if you don't obey the laws, know that God can't protect you from Covid-1
“I have met many Rangbah Shnongs, they have told me that they didn't think it would be so bad,” he said. reach the goal and those in authority shall correct this system, in which those cokes which should be destroyed, should be lost and those which should be recovered should provide the necessary documents. sla, they should provide machinery to improve.
Regarding the curfew passes, the DC's office has said that they should apply online through East Khasi Hills.
Speeches were also delivered by GSU President Tengsak Momin, AYWO General Secretary Sengbath Chambugong who strongly condemned the BJP government's introduction of the Bill to grant citizenship to Bangladeshis, Pakistanis and others. and Afghanistan.
“I hold fast to what I said that when we decide we will all work together and we want to take this decision by the decision of all.
The Chief Minister also awarded the Overall Champions award to Manipur, the second award to Assam and the third award to Arunachal Pradesh.
On this occasion, the elders of the Warjri Kur from Manai were honored and gifts were distributed by the Manai Kur Branch.
Shillong: Several children from Ksehkohlong village, on the road to Nongstoin today found three used injection boxes and they were found broken nearby. to the street.
The poet of the myllung is the poet; to the earth he shall proclaim and proclaim the name of the land.
Therefore, before we become merely residents of our own land or country, we must do something now before it is too late.
It is to be informed that all public vehicles should no longer pass through this road due to the cleanliness of the road and that the work is in progress so that the work will be complete. date of this month.
Although the victim (Poonam Singh) has not yet lodged a complaint with the Commission regarding this incident, the Commission has sought an investigation report from the Police Station concerned and we are now waiting for the report. “Before discussing this issue,” the Commission said.
Speaking to reporters, Faleiro said the Congress party is a democratic party and has many opportunities to address many issues.
On the other hand, the State Government has appointed the Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Education.
Referring to the work of the Police according to the current era, Prestone said that he and his team will meet with the Officers of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) after the Budget Session to discuss in more detail the issues related to the work of the Police in the present era.
The chief guests of the program were the Minister of State, Kyrmen Shylla and the Chief Guest, MLA Jowai Constituency.
The union also said that it understands that this project is for the Block Institute of Teachers Education and the union continues to demand that this project should be upgraded immediately to the District Institute of Teachers Education. DITE) so that it will be for the benefit of the district as a whole.
Shillong, Nailur 10: To raise awareness among the public that they should not take or commit suicide, the Sanker Center on Tuesday held a bicycle rally and discussion. World Suicide Prevention Day is celebrated as World Suicide Prevention Day.
In the first round, UDP candidate Pius Marwein has won from Ranikor constituency. There are six votes to be counted. The votes received so far are: 1st Round J. Sangma 84, Dango , Pius 2377, PN King 396 and Note
The Urban and Khapsor Taxi Drivers Union (UTA) has congratulated a student who was hit by a scooty in Laitumkhrah and is undergoing treatment at GNRC Hospital, Guwahati.
The price should be lower because we have sold our mountains and rivers at too high a price.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: “Dr.C Lyngdoh MLA Umsning Constituency is the Paia of Ri Bhoi and at the same time the Tie Beam of the State Government,” said Prestone Tynsong, MLA Umsning Constituency. The incident occurred on Saturday at Umsaitsning Village Square, Ri Bhoi District.
Karnataka opened the scoring through M Sunil Kumar in the 17th minute, but Odisha scored two goals in the 21st minute through Prabin Tigga and in the 35th minute through Chanra Muduli and by the end of the first half the score was 2-1
The winner of the Trailblazer Award, city-based Duia Trailblazers, in their speech, said, “We are grateful to receive this Trailblazer Award in recognition of the “Path Breaking New Adventure Tourism Products” by Adventure Tour Operators Association of India.
If we read the Word of God for unavoidable reasons, it shows that we do not have that love and respect for God who is full of love and does not overlook the shortcomings of others. and it shows that we do not yet understand the truth, and we try our best to turn away from it.
On the same day, the AMPTCP Mawkyrwat Block has welcomed Bah Diverland Lyngdoh to become a full supporter of the party from today in the presence of the supporters.
Thus, the fruits that come from it – the Children of the Hands will no longer be perfect Israel; and their thought shall no more be perfect Israel.
Those selected for the awards were based on their achievements in various fields such as sports, films, music, science, business and self-service this year. the honorees were in different categories.
“As leaders in the villages, the biggest problem in the villages is in drinking water and garbage and if we make a mistake in solving these problems, we will be removed as leaders,” he said. village".
On Thursday, Synroplang 77 will play against Lumparing SC at 2:30 pm and Maw U-Tieng will play against Mawlai SC at 4:15 pm.
The court said that besides these large houses, there are others which have appeared recently or are in the process of being built.
The incident which happened on Tuesday, July 2021, has angered many residents of Hynniewtrep.
Nonglait said that KAS will not rest, but will continue to fight for the recognition of the Khasi language in the Constitution.
Another woman, Kong Thei Shylla, President of Mukhla Sohshrieh Women Wing, said that Ma Wailadmiki is not a Shylla but a member of the Lyngdoh clan. Wailadmiki came to live alone in Mukhla while his brothers and sisters lived in Ummulong.
Before the end of the first half, Azam Khan headed the ball but the Chawngfianga goalkeeper could not save it.
Tanushree Das Gupta won the gold medal in the Women's Single Table Tennis (TT) tournament held at the Tirot Sing Syiem Indoor Stadium in Lachumiere today. sun.
As it turned out, through this incident in Manipur, many people whether they belong to the Meitei or Kuki community, due to the intensity of the violence, many people have had to leave their homes and They have provided temporary assets to avoid the threat of life as the conflict is still raging in Manipur.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong Bah Tyllilang Mylliemumlong, Presbyterian Church leaders and women and youth of the village.
During the raid, BSF troops seized a bag containing 105 counterfeit T.500 Indian notes.
On the other hand, Bah Kharlyngdoh said that the people of this area should not be afraid but should be vigilant.
From the schooling of their children, the Nepali parents have also become closer and more ashamed to welcome the Khasi who live in the area.
One of them is very doubtful that a politician can draft a policy himself.
The East Jaintia District Sports Association (EJDSA) on Tuesday elected its new office bearers at a meeting held at Deinchynrum Circuit House, Khliehriat.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 8: The arrangement between the two governments to discuss the second border settlement is going on, but the Assam government has continued its illegal activities by crossing the border. in the border villages of West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday encouraged the ASHAs to write down their problems and take responsibility for the benefit of the people.
Other sources said that a Mi 17 helicopter crashed at 10.05 pm and five bodies were recovered from the scene. Four others are believed to be soldiers who were on board the helicopter.
This time the SSA has seen that there are many talented players playing in the lower leagues and it is on that basis that the SSA has decided to open the door for players to participate. to play in the big leagues through this loan.
Senior Professor & Head Department of Radiological Physics, SMS Medical College & Hospitals, Jaipur, Dr Arun Chougule, who participated in the seminar, said, “EMF Radiation emitted from Mobile Tower Antennas and Mobile Handsets you are Low Non-ionizing RF/Electromagnetic Energy.
Titos has replaced Nongthymmai MDC Latiplang Kharkongor after the Executive Committee he led has lost the confidence of the KHADC. He was elected as CEM of KHADC on 22nd November, 2019, and has been in office until 7th June,
He said that we should be proud of our customs and traditions which have survived to this day, because any nation that does not have its own culture is a dead nation.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the President of the HSPDP, Bah Sandondor Ryntathiang said, “We ask for the support of all the 36 MLAs and MDCs of Khasi Hills. Jaintia Hills District to support this struggle for independence.
The word 'corruption' comes from two words, namely, 'eat' and 'sap'
The KSU has expressed its strong opposition and has decided to block the construction of the school.
He also suggested extending it to Wales, which is the Mother Church of the Presbyterian Church in Khasi Jaintia.
Besides Dr. John Roberts, Rev. JC Evans was the next to contribute to the Khasi Hymn Book in which he wrote about 53 songs.
The group has already demanded that the state government should not send police to the area from the 12th to the 15th so that the celebration can go smoothly.
The meeting was conducted by Jessica Dkhar, Lecturer of the College. Before the start of the first session, the members of the Standards Club took part in the song in Hindi. Throat Geet.
Once again, the BJP has surprised many by electing an MLA who has just won once as the Chief Minister of the state.
Pale.
They selected the woodcutters, two sakudih, two ksing tem, four dhuli, two sawer, two shawiang skits and two mahuri skits, he added.
In the competition, Seng Khasi Secondary School, Pyndengumiong won the first prize, while St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang and Multipurpose Secondary School, Lumrit Sohdadek won the second and third prizes respectively. three.
Even the Opposition should be courageous in raising their right hand and left hand for the people, not to spend time pointing fingers and praising themselves.
Besides the state police, the government has also deployed CRPF personnel in many places in the city.
The purpose of the exhibition is to showcase the knowledge of the ancestors in the use of herbal medicines as well as their knowledge of the types of herbal medicines available in the area.
However, how can we do that because there are even among our Ministers who are fighting against the lockdown.
These two development projects include a work order of Rs 2 lakh to Narang Village for the construction and improvement of the Dorbar Hall of the Village and Rs 1.50 lakh along with seats to the Seng Longkmie of Kongripara Village. These two work orders have been allocated through the SRWP scheme for the year 2021-2
Shillong: U Chief Spokesperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (ANC) today slammed the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Article 324 of the Constitution empowers the Election Commission of the State to conduct all matters relating to elections from the announcement of the dates of nomination of candidates, the polling day and the polling day. and other sections.
May the soul of Babu Will rest in peace.
Recently, we have seen that there has been a plan to implement the Aadhaar, or Unique Identification Number (UIN), which is the identification number of all citizens of India, in order to improve the This is a new initiative, which we in Ri Khasi, may not understand or be willing to implement yet.
And in the semifinal we scored 10 goals and we managed to score.
Speaking on social media platform X, the PM of India said; “It is very sad about the loss of life and damage caused by the strong earthquake that struck Nepal.
“However, according to the Bill, we have given to the Syiem of the Dorbar Shnong, the Kurs the right to issue a certificate which no institution can refuse,” he added.
He said that without forgetting, he pays tribute to (L) Rowel Lyngdoh, former MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency for making this beautiful ground as it is now. The players can return to Saitsnad Stadium.
Media reports said that 16 students of Dibrugarh University have drawn blood with syringes and some have cut themselves with blades and written letters with blood to the Prime Minister.
The greatest nations in the world survive because in the first place they struggled to preserve their own language, they told the story of the sword, the heroes, they thanked or worshiped. They followed the thread of the matti that the longshwa had led them.
Shillong: The Jain Community Shillong on 14th June 2020 held a distribution in Jhalupra and Paltanbazar Shillong.
Its members shall not be less than 10 including three women.
Regarding the Fortified Rice, Ms Mukhim explained that to help the children to gain physical strength, the rice distributed to the schools contained Fortified Rice is 1 kilo per 100 kilos of rice.
The President of the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (TMC) on Tuesday said that the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to call in the Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) to curb the smuggling and trafficking of Illegal dewïong is a major challenge for the police department which has not taken action to curb this illegal activity in the state.
We need to understand that our daily activities affect the environment by polluting it, so we need to be thoughtful so that we can overcome and solve all those problems.
Police have seized nine laptops, nine mobile phones and other items along with 65,000 thousand tyngka.
Dear Editor, I, Shri Lasting Pala, Waheh Shnong Umkiang, express my regret over the news on Wyrta.com on 16/01/2020, that the 6 Wah Lukha Association, has decided to against the Public Hearing of Star Cement to be held on the 30/01/2020 by putting a picture of me as the Waheh Shnong.
Dulong SC and Mukhla Raij won the First Division and Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Monday.
In the midst of the disaster, the seasons pass and the seasons come, just as the year passes and the year comes.
Information Secretary of FKJGP, Central Body.
He said that the entry and exit points in the state will be operational from scratch before being implemented in phases.
The house of Monita Paslein in Pala village, East Jaintia Hills, has been severely damaged by heavy rain and strong winds at around 5 pm today. in this city.
Shillong: The Sub Divisional Magistrate of Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, West Khasi Hills today imposed Section 144 Cr PC on Langpih and surrounding areas bordering Assam.
Meghalaya played well and scored the first goal in the 7th minute through Eiladki Ksoo.
However, every time he doesn't answer my phone calls and I send him a message and he says he will call me but I don't get it.
Dubakh C and Tentation have won the Maitshaphrang Khasi League Basketball Tournament 2024 organized by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU).
He said that after being able to hold the Farmers Parliament, the party has strengthened its foundation to work for the farmers and this year the party will hold a Farmers Parliament in Garo Hills. Heard the problems of the farmers of Garo Hill.
The death toll from floods in Sikkim has risen to 34, police officials in the state said on Tuesday, while officials in neighboring states West Bengal said about 40 bodies had been recovered from parts of the Teesta River.
The Executive Committee also approved the proposal of the Council to hold the Monolith Festival at Khasi Heritage Village, Mawphlang in November this year in collaboration with the Tourism Department of the State Government. to the world the customs and traditions of the nation from the houses, the clothes, the music and song, the food and others.
He said that the party does not believe that without the knowledge of the Ministers of the Hima Mylliem, these paia can be built in this place. It is only today to remove all the three paia from this place and if it does so, the residents and the union will come to remove the paia.
EW DkharAs a nation, we have been established on the basis of one truth that we came into the world by the writing of the law of God: The law was ordained from the beginning, even from the foundation of the world, and from the beginning of the heavens; that man and woman came into the world to earn righteousness.
It is for this reason that the people have rejected the Congress in this election and the NDA government will come in which the UDP with the North East Regional Forum (NERF) will be one of them. and Mr. Paul won.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Convenor of the Maitshaphrang Movement, Bah Michael Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Khasi should not be offended when they receive negative articles about the women of the movement. many objections but they should understand that there is a mistake and they should investigate where it is wrong to correct these things.
“After this, the state government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has promised through the media that it will investigate whether those students are really Meghalayans.
We don't have any problems and anyone can come and meet us,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, the DC of Ribhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, said, “This is the first time that we have conducted a cleanliness drive but it is the most important time for us to do so. Clean up the environment It is difficult to clean up all the roads because it is a National Highway and we don't know who broke it, but it is the duty of each and every one of us to keep the cleanliness of the beautiful country. “We need to train passengers not to throw garbage not only in commercial vehicles but also in private vehicles. and when he came to the place where he was, he broke the bread in the place where he should not break it.
Former Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the outbreak of covid-19 in hospitals is one of the most widespread corruption cases in the current pandemic. events, which are preventable.
Through the Ayushman Bharat Comprehensive Primary Health Coverage Programme, 114 Public Health Centers and 318 Sub-Centres have been upgraded to AB-HWCs in Meghalaya.
It is alleged that the truck collided with the truck due to the poor construction of the road.
Employees of the two Block Offices, Mawshynrut and Nongstoiñ, attended the event.
The final of the tournament will be held on the 31st of this month between Pahamrioh FC and HYC Umling.
Kolkata: West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today filed her nomination papers from Nandigram; However, she sustained injuries to her leg, and alleged that she was beaten by 4.5 people.
“These properties belong to Mohd Shafi Wani, son of Ghulam Mohi-ud-din Wani, and Mohd Tika Khan, son of Abdul Ahad Khan, both of whom are residents of the village. of Pulwama district who are members of the LeT... A total of five properties belonging to the two accused have been seized," the statement said.
It is on this basis that the KSU has from time to time demanded the implementation of strong laws such as the Inner Line Permit (ILP) for the safety of the people.
These trucks were in violation of NGT rules and did not have proper documents.
The AOG was established on three themes, namely by the public, of the public and for the public.
“We have never opposed Hindi.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Mayral Born Syiem expressed his satisfaction to see that the village has progressed in the development works and especially the expectation of the people to get a house. The full meeting was held for the needs of the village.
However, it should be understood according to its use in the synropktien because the word rapkhmat 'mar' also means the tools of art, which are often called mar ki mata; in another part, it means great men or women like Mar Phalyngki; in another part it means that it happened suddenly, as it is said 'as soon as the chief guest arrived, everyone stood up', 'as soon as the rain fell, the field was flooded'
Leaders of other groups like GSU (Interim), GSMC, FKJGP, TGCSU, Mahindra Pick Up Union and others attended the meeting.
Shillong, March 02: The North East Indigenous People's Forum (NEIPF) today held a meeting at Orchid Lake Resort, Umiam.
Therefore, through this meeting, Bah Renik appealed to the youth of the area that when they take the lead of the country and the nation, they should take that spirit of responsibility when they do anything. which work is good.
He also urged the PHE department to take action against the government water supply, so that the people will not suffer.
In the men's category, Tejas Ashok Shirse won the gold medal in the 100m Hurdles by finishing in 13.72 seconds.
The reason was that he would issue a decree that Israel should build a temple in Jerusalem, the fourth temple.
When Manstudy declined to comment on the findings of the committee, he was asked whether according to the findings of the committee, it is necessary to convene a special session immediately. “I will suggest to the chairman to convene the special session,” said Manstudy.
Shillong, Nailar 4: A man has been stabbed to death after being accused of being a menaiksuid on 30th November 2013 at Mawting village in Sohryngkham. of East Khasi Hills.
Therefore, we should not believe what they say, for it is as if we believe in something that does not exist.
According to the rules, if a candidate receives less than 1/6 of all the votes cast in the constituency, he will not be able to receive the money he gave at the time of his election. the name is registered.
Current Model Rules of Procedure - Relevant RulesThe current Sample Rules of Procedure include some relevant rules in the field of corruption by parties and candidates relating to promises made by the party. still in power and so on.
Until now, no information has been received on what course of action the Rangbah Shnongs will take after the end of this month if the Governor does not approve the VAB into law.
Recently, the issue of illegal smuggling of coal and this money, some say, that, has been smuggled to Manipur, Assam etc. to win elections for some MLAs there.
The Manipur High Court last month ordered the state authorities to provide Internet service to the public in selected areas. under their supervision.
In a petition to the DC, CPI Secretary Samudra Gupta said that the contractors are severely affected by the increase in the price of food and beverages and the government should increase the wages.
When the accident happened, the driver of the truck, fled the scene and left the vehicle with the key. They immediately informed the police and the Nongpoh Police Station came to seize the vehicle.
The floods have flooded several parts of Umrangsu town.
The FKJGP demands that the PWD Department should take immediate action on this road and order the Russian company to immediately repair the road which has been damaged by the floods. difficulty.
Rupang.com is looking for a journalist in Shillong.
The woman was identified as Sumarbha Lipon and the man was identified as Meker Lipon.
NPP candidate Saron Pasweth said that if it were not for the hard work of Conrad Sangma, the District Council would have been lost at the time of the passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2016 by the BJP government. However, with the support of Conrad, the BJP has repealed the CAB.
The proposal to sell MeECL is for the benefit of politicians and some, but it will not benefit the people of the State.
The Viksit Pledge was also taken by the participants under the leadership of Bah B. Langbang, BDO Thadlaskein Block.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Monday said that the State Government will soon fill 3000 vacancies in the Police Department.
The owners of various theaters have also decided that if Bollywood films are not allowed to be screened in the theatres, they will close down the theaters so that Bangladeshi films that intend to screen and produce will suffer losses. .
Earlier, they had held a month-long protest.
She also demanded that the Garobadha Police Station should be upgraded with adequate facilities to provide security to the people.
The three leaders also dissolved the committees they led and then resigned along with many other members of the party in the villages and their positions.
The Hindu community in Nongpoh has been able to complete the puja without any disturbance which has affected the peace and order. There is a lot of joy in this religious puja of paid Hindu believers.
Marak was speaking at a meeting of food ministers in New Delhi.
Speaking after his resignation, Ardent said he resigned from the post of MDC for personal reasons, and denied that it was a violation of the law. At the same time, Ardent said that he is not affected by the Act because he has not received any salary from the District Council.
Om Chettri scored 42 runs from 43 balls.
Those who came to take part in this two day festival are from those villages in Labang Nongphyllut Elaka. This festival is an opportunity for the people of the area to preserve their traditional costumes.
It is not an order or a request but to show the world that we worship Jesus the Son of God.
The employer in his own work, in front of his employees, is not only the master, but also holds the power and authority as a father.
Police arrested Haque after receiving a tip that he was going to Tura in a Bolero.
As the days approach for the people to decide whom they will elect to lead the state and hand over the power for the next five years, it has been seen that the handshake or the language war has spread from one political party to another.
The KSU has urged the contractors/owners or employers of various jobs to foreigners not to give open jobs only to foreigners and urged to employ the villagers during this time of income crisis.
Throughout the day, the group visited a household in Umdenlaang Village which is the home of Kong Rilis Thangkhiew and Bah Roshan Roy Sylliang where they handed over a wheelchair to a child who has a wheelchair. After that, they went to Nongwah Mawtamur village to distribute assistance by the Musari to 30 poor families.
They demanded that the Prime Minister should take action to complete the unfinished road, the road from Dura Kalakgre village and other agricultural works.
The KHADC has taken the initiative to hold the Mono Nith Festival as a sign of encouragement and promotion of the Khasi identity.
Naatu Naatu is written by MM Keeravani and sung by Rahul Sipligunj and Kaala Bhairava and RRR is directed by SS Rajamouli.
In the past years, the government through the education department has conducted enrollment drives everywhere to educate the public and raise awareness on the importance of education.
The program has been suspended due to holidays, Christmas and New Year and will continue in the first month of June 2023 to complete Phase-II in Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills.
Dhaka now has the largest port in Tripura, with its capital in Agartala.
Ghulam Nabi Azad was the first to speak to me.
Shillong: The Attorney General of Meghalaya, Kong Fenela L Nonglait is not yet ready to contest the MP election this time because she still needs to take care of her family but she has the intention to prepare for the upcoming election. 2028 and 2029.
And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the sabbath day.
He received the Bharat Ratna and has written many famous books including Wings of Fire and Vision
