He said that KAS has provided the information needed by the government on the details of recognizing the Khasi language in the Constitution and will continue to provide further advice if the government needs to take it to Delhi. still many improvements are needed to the petition.
WAYS TO FIGHT DEPRESSION:1
The winner of the ceremony was India's most famous chef Sanjeev Kapoor who was also accompanied by many of India's leading food and beverage manufacturers.
There was also a discussion with the Khasi Hills District Council in the presence of Bah Paul Lyngdoh as the rivers fall under the jurisdiction of the District Councils.
“Unless those who eat without any work or misuse the money are found, they will have to pay,” he said.
When asked, the Minister said, “They want the notice to be clear so that tomorrow no one will be able to misuse this notification and start appealing to the District Council Courts.
Sohra wants a new district, Mawsynram and Mawlai want a Civil Sub Division, Patharkhmah near Mairang wants its own rights.
The number of cases and even deaths has risen to 70,390 in the country except Maharashtra.
All this is due to the drinking of alcohol while driving, and many people have been injured and died and some have lost their limbs because of these.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Therefore, the CoMSO is also providing disciplined Volunteers around the country; We don't discriminate against other ethnic groups but because the rights granted (Regulation No.5 of 1952 in accordance with Article 19(5) and Article 29) have been violated by these illiterate rulers. and they that are still clean shall say no more; Their votes will be counted when the elections are held.
When these are lost, the water is lost and who can live without the life-giving water?
Before the draw, a short meeting was held by Yoosar Kynjing President BAM-JH, who expressed his gratitude to all the members who have worked hard physically and spiritually to conduct the draw. These tickets are sold as part of the fundraising campaign.
Lionel Messi scored the first goal in the 34th minute from the penalty spot. Julian Alvarez scored the second and third goals in the 39th and 69th minutes.
"The children were rescued from the border areas of Delhi, adjacent to Haryana and Uttar Pradesh, with the assistance of Delhi Police," a statement sent by police officials said.
The Head Teacher has introduced soft skills in education for the development of the children in all aspects.
“He raised his pistol and shouted, 'Take your freedom.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong Isawanda Laloo, on Friday appointed 11 teams to implement the order to remove shopkeepers from the streets. wan of the crowd.
As a result, farmers often cannot get the MSP price as they have to go through these brokers.
Meanwhile, Manbhakupar Iawphniaw, a young footballer from our state, has signed a contract with FC Bengaluru United. in the month of June before the start of the sports market.
Wanbor Langshiang scored two goals in the 4th and 40th minutes.
Nongkhlaw or Khadsawphra, Khyrim or Nongkrem, Jaintia or Sutnga are the only names of the Himas within the land of Hynniewtrep.
One of the main reasons for the destruction and destruction of the uniqueness of the Khasi people is desire.
In Lumshnong area, he said, there is no need to explain how many people have received challans, how many have not received challans and many mining traders who have bought heavy and expensive equipment to quarry stones have had to stop. I don't work because I have a high level.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Jason Mawlong Sawkmie and Bah Mayralborn Syiem, who expressed their happiness to have such a festival to honor Sohtrun, which is also one of the ways to promote Sohtrun. to promote the cultivation of Sohtrun in various villages in Ri Bhoi.
Today I talked quickly and clearly with my son.
“But now I have a desire to serve the people better through this party, which tens of thousands of selfless souls have supported for tens of years,” he said.
Wasa United have 9 points while Khimusniang have 3 points from three matches.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The collapse of the middle part of the dome in the new Legislative Assembly has shocked and doubted many churches and indeed it is true.
Therefore, the commitment of Media Plus to ME Production to run the news channel in collaboration with him is to provide more services to the people through the media.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-Bhoi District, on Tuesday expressed its deep sorrow and strong opposition to the border crossing by Assam in the villages under the Raid Nongtung in Ri Bhoi District.
He is an MLA now so it is in the hands of the law to do whatever is necessary,” said Bah Ronnie.
“Therefore, I have no doubt that we will win more than 30 MLAs. It is too early to say which political party will win the most in the 20203 election,” said Pala.
It is learned that the management of the hospital has banned the doctors and nurses from treating these elderly people by covering their heads, assuming that they have not accepted the disease. but they believe that this is only a fear of the power of disease or death.
Speeches were also delivered by the AddlSP of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa, MPS and others.
“In the Khasi community, many people believe that idleness is not only a bad thing, but also a sin,” said Bah Ardent.
No incident occurred during the office closure.
Monarch ShabongThere are many bad news about the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU), which has been accused in many ways, but in terms of the operation of buses around the city and suburbs, the It is necessary to praise the University.
“The whole of India knows that Rahul Gandhi is an Indian.
In Khasi, fingers millet is called krai hadem.
They said that if the government does not do anything to stop this, it will be a threat to the environment in Ri-Bhoi and if the government does not do anything, we will not refuse to do it ourselves, said the HYM. Shillong, July 1: The Rangbah Shnong of Kulang village in South West Khasi Hills District, Bah C Nongbri, on Tuesday said that Ajit Sinha, who had reported to the police that his wife, She was abducted from the village by a fraud, because there is no such person in the village.
In order to help the people living near the border, Sharma urged the BSF troops to have a spirit of brotherhood and to have a close relationship with the villagers. criminals and criminal activities at the border.
Even in previous years, it has done this by cutting 10 percent from the non-plan,” he said.
The author also tells a little about the emergence of missionaries in the 19th century to go to various fields of preaching and that is also why the Welsh Mission came to work in the Khasi Hills, North Cachar Hills, Sylhet (present-day Bangladesh).
Earlier, there was a dispute between the opposition and the ruling party on the issue especially between the Leader of the Opposition Bah Titosstarwell and the Deputy CEM Bah Pynshngain N Syiem who is in charge of the Elaka Department of the Council.
He had powerful weapons and armies but relied on God's discipline to fight.
Bernard Marak is a victim of NPP politics.
After the closure of colleges and schools in the state since October.
Shillong: There have been 11 new cases of coronavirus in the state as of 10 am today.
The troops deployed to Kuwait were from Fort Carson, the most powerful and experienced unit in Iraq and Iraq. ha others that Ri.
Dhar expressed hope that both the parties would soon meet to announce the issue.
In other countries, at border outposts, you can't just stand lymbrum if you want to take a picture, you have to take a picture from the fence.
What they do, they do only to be seen by men in order to gain fame and glory for themselves and to rejoice in themselves when people call them Rabbis or Teachers, that they are proud of themselves as Teachers of the Religion.
This is the first of two days of protest held in front of the NIOS Shillong branch office at the DERT office in Laitumkhrah.
When inquired by Jambor, he said that the agreement of these leaders who have applied for tickets to contest the election, has the hope of reaching the goal.
And it is from this inner man that God will present before His judgment seat on that day of judgment and not the body because the body will turn into corruption.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Titosstarwel Chyne today said that the Council has taken action on the issue of acquiring land in Mawkyrwat.
The candle lighting was a protest against the delay in the trial of the incident.
She also expressed the willingness of the Indian Institute of Geomagnetism to provide any land for the implementation of Package-I of the project.
This new initiative further enhances the company's focus on security, which was also included in the previous themes of 'Rakshakaran Ki Reet'
Because this is the identity of the nation.
On the other hand, this reporter also had the opportunity to talk to one of the visitors to the hill where he expressed his regret that despite the beauty of the hill, but the road and the road to He said that the road is very bad and during the rainy season you don't want to go to this hill and at the same time you urged the authorities to do something about it. part of this road as it is a well known tourist attraction and can also benefit the residents of this area.
“It is for this reason, we sought information from DHS after it said there was no money.
He said that the State Government has also met with the Advocate General of the State and the State Government will also meet with the Union Minister in charge of Forest Department for further clarification. when it comes to impressions.
They receive revenue from the Forest Department through the royalty fee collected from legal timber and from grants received from the State Government for the protection of forests.
“I don't have any objection to what we have done but if there is no name given according to the wishes of the people, why do they still want to change it?” asked Dr Mukul.
The union also decided to protest against the sale of fish by the District Council Jowai 2014-15 which has been called by the District Council No. JHADC/ASFM/F/18/2004/2 Umm.
Zenith said that the beneficiaries of the scheme are not allowed to take part in the election of the beneficiaries. they will not give to those who do not vote for them and this will lead to discrimination.
Minister K Langstieh, Minister in charge of the Hima Mylliem Market, said that the cows currently in the market have been brought from other places to be sold there for sale on the day. He said that there are cows that have not been left since the last market and the owners of these cows have put them at the market to sell them on the next market day.
Shillong, July 2: The Pasture Police Beat House in Lawmali, Shillong has been selected as one of the cleanest and best police stations in Meghalaya for the year
Speaking as the chief guest, Mayral Born Syiem, as the Leader of the People, expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the office bearers of the Seng Samla Nongpoh for taking the initiative to honor the youth of Nongpoh. She has passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations as a sign of encouragement to the students.
From Dimapur (Nagaland) I have to get an Inner Line Permit (ILP) from the office of the SDO (Civil) if I am wrong, and I have to pay a fee. who wait and check the cars.
The Session Judge of West Khasi Hills has sentenced another robber, Aboriginal Byrsat, 44, for raping a 16-year-old girl. , over 10 years ago.
In a letter to the KHADC, they requested it to take action to resolve this issue so that there will be no confusion and misunderstanding in the Nongkhlaw Kur.
You just wait and see how things dance wildly with her.
According to Bah Ardent, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, who owns the Kharmetor area, has also expressed the same view that the Kharmetor should be relocated.
“When we met with the secretary of the department, he said that it will not take long for the disease to disappear from the state, but till now the association has not received any news on this,” he said. .
There are 17 households living in the house, all of them are day laborers and there are 17 people living in these houses.
JHTOA Publicity Secretary Nehemayah Tyngkan said the union has expressed its concern over the purchase of hundreds of trucks by dewbilat factories especially Star Cement which has affected the livelihood of the indigenous people.
You can plant it by broadcasting about 100 seeds per acre, and then you can plant it with a planker or a harrow. soil.
“During the surprise inspection, if we find that the conductor or driver has done too much to the passengers, we take punishment and if they don't change after being warned, we dismiss them,” said Bah. Jude.
“I was 30 years old when I first met Marina when she came to Jaisalmer from her home country in Australia,” said Kuldhara.
Several RDA leaders, including the UDP and the HSPDP, who support the ruling NPP in the MDA, have also spoken to Conrad K Sangma to confirm. that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​should be included in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Furthermore, it is also beneficial to the bacteria in your stomach.
Therefore it is necessary to provide the availability of antioxidants through the sources we get from food for the balance between oxidants and antioxidants.
It was directed by Amrit Pritam for the Khasi film, Ïewduh.
Prof. B. Myrboh, Chairman, Steering Committee of the XXI Convocation, said that on this day, the university will honor 8000 students from Graduate/Post-Graduate. M.Phil/Ph.
Sabnam, from Guwahati, also expressed concern that the people in the area are poor, living in poverty and she wants the health authorities to look into the matter immediately. he said that he saw lanot.
On Friday, Tiwa youths from Amjong village under Mawhati Constituency came out to join the BJP candidate in Amjong village to show that they have the spirit to support He said that the candidate for change in the constituency and in the state as a whole.
Ubah Pynshngaiñ said that what is more surprising is that even in the urban constituencies, the people receive the scheme of T.5000 tyngka to buy fertilizer and medicine.
The RBI report said that agriculture-related activities (livestock, forestry and fisheries) receive only 10% concessional loans while they account for 40 % of agricultural production.
Earlier, the Executive Member in charge of Mining, Mitchel Wankhar said that the Council's allocation for 2018-19 from Major Minerals is T.17,85,14,3 and T.4,86,46,694 for major minerals.
Meanwhile, HSPDP President Ardent Basaiawmoit said that the allegation that the HSPDP wants to cooperate with the UDP just because it is afraid is not true and unfounded.
Uike, a tribal child, was married to two girls, one from Hoshangabad district and the other from Koyalari in Ghodadongri block.
NEPMU has sent a letter to the State Government informing the decision to suspend the supply of petrol from 29th November. Meghalaya because of the attack on the police.
Replying in the House, Ma Sniawbha said, “We are now preparing the requirements to purchase another 68 acres of land”.
In December 2022, he left the Trinamool and joined the BJP. On the 13th of this month, he joined the NPP. He is from the Himalayas.
Leondios Kostrikis, professor at the University of Cyprus and head of the Laboratory of Biotechnology and Molecular Virology, said scientists have discovered a combination of these two types of diseases in the country. and they called it Deltacron.
Dr Mawthoh said the time has come to show the people the foundation of the party even if it has to fly away or fall down.
Police sources said that the two men were in a Datsun Redigo driven by Bah Seiborlang.
On the withdrawal of the T.20 crore, he said that it was done in a hurry because the time was not enough due to the lack of permission from the government through the PWD department and the T.20 crore was transferred to the PWD department. MDCs have received T.2 crore from T.3 crore.
I don't know why you came to my office.
He said that the World Bank staff finds that there will be no problem to bring about a clean environment as cleanliness is already in the minds of the residents.
As scientists have found in the journal Ethnopharmacology 2008, they have found that this plant contains active biomolecules that can protect against It gives strength to our body (immunity), because as we have seen, the strength of the body is the most important thing in this world, to fight this disease which has been called the disease. covid-19.
Those election laws are completely useless, because the legislators just threaten, but don't do anything.
The union also expresses its deep concern over the news, over the government's intention to increase the salary in two parts, that is, for those who have completed their education by one salary and for those who have not. another position with another salary.
Nongstoiñ, June 24: After decades, the residents of Langshongthiang and Jaïaw Mawshynrut areas have been facing problems due to the lack of adequate roads.
All these have been done only to mislead the voters so that they will give their support to the NPP once again.
Mawkyrwat, March 05: The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) Mawkyrwat Unit today held a training session on the laws and regulations relating to drivers. Training on Road & Safety at Mawkyrwat Market, South West Khasi Hills District.
It has recently been introduced to India, and is well known in the Punjab and Sind.
Its air, its natural scenery,its pure Atmosphere,its sweet water, would attract Even God if your hearts was pure.
The Government led by the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, BJP and Independents has failed in all aspects and this confusion may be created to cover up their unemployment and corruption. .
The Seng said that it is not written anywhere in the Constitution of the VPP that the Seng supports any religion or religious group.
Some of the residents of these areas have expressed their regret over the delay in the service delivery of Airtel to the residents by saying that at such times many of them need to do their online calls. part of various activities according to the present time and this has affected the students as well.
Meanwhile, the stones erected in this place are still standing strong and beautiful for the tourists.
you will get the benefits you deserve," the statement added.
For these things must take place, but the end is not yet.
When asked what the AICC has done on the complaint of Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in the Jowai Block Congress, Gourab said the party will sit on it because in the Congress party, everyone is allowed to express their grievances. Their functioning shall be in accordance with the rules of the party which shall be in accordance with the rules of democracy.
Other residents urged the Police to strengthen their security measures to arrest those who are involved in these activities and to punish them according to the provisions of the Meghalaya Police Act. bring peace and quietness to this place.
Dkhar has held the posts of General Administration, Forest, Establishment, Law and Legal Affairs, Posting and Appointment and other departments that have not held any Executive Members. The Deputy CEM has also received the post of Finance and Head of Elaka Administration.
The SOPs passed by the NPP government affect and are a threat to the people and the middle income people.
Shillong, November 3: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has demanded the immediate release of two Khasi workers within 24 hours.
Besides, the residents of Umsohpieng, Mawjiej, Nongpdeng, Mawleiñ and others who are strong in the cultivation of sying, kwai, tympew, kait, soh and others, said that the problem is the lack of market. For example, the price of sying in Hahim market is only shiphew tyngka per kilo and the price of sying per mon is only 400 tyngka. buy it and if you go to sell it, you don't have to buy it.
The Khasi States Constitution Making Durbar was held on 14.7.1949 when Bah Joy brought forward his proposal which in short is that we the Khasi and Jaintia Hills should be all states and non states. areas to join India as an Autonomous Unit and to request the Honorable Governor of Assam and the Government of Assam to join India through Assam.
They said that after that, the contractor alleged that the residents of the area had stolen all the stones and threatened to lodge a complaint with the police.
“Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new” (2 Corinthians 5:17).
Other states have everything from physio therapy, coaches and others, but unfortunately we don't have them and we have to do it ourselves, we have to be coaches ourselves.
An earthquake measuring 5.2 on the Richter scale struck Meghalaya and Assam on Tuesday morning at 8:45 AM.
The candidates who intend to contest the upcoming elections from Mylliem constituency are incumbent MDC Ronnie V Lyngdoh of the Congress, Mitchel Wankhar of the UDP and Pynshai Manik Syiem of the UDP. There are also reports that the Voice of People's Party (VPP) will also contest from this constituency.
In BA he was the first among the 2nd Class.
“Out of the 12 districts of Meghalaya, the VPP party has leaders only in one district here in East Khasi Hills, so it cannot be called a national party, it is not an accepted party. “So you understand this statement, we are contesting in a state where the ruling National Party BJP is not contesting elections,” said Bah Paul. Meghalaya has voted against the BJP, the Congress is unnecessary and the VPP is only in East Khasi Hills. I don't want to count you.
In this regard, the DGP has directed the SPs of all four districts in Garo Hills to investigate into the matter and send a report to him within a day.
Nongpoh: U Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister and President of the National People's Party (NPP), while addressing the crowd at Madan Patarim, on Tuesday said that the NPP has great hopes. It is not necessary to rule alone, even in the face of accusations and criticism from other parties in the state.
He said that out of these 12 lakh houses built during the BJP rule in the state, 8.39 lakh houses have been completed in the last two years. when he took office as Prime Minister.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The BJP Mawhati Mandal in Ri Bhoi District has demanded that the government should build a by-pass road to connect Umsning and Mawhati-Jagiroad roads. and the people of the city came.
Speaking to reporters, the Executive Director of the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA), Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri, said that in the past six days, there has been heavy rainfall. earthquakes, earthquakes and other disasters.
The 51-year-old achieved a -second place finish in 2022 and has now improved by securing the first place.
ATMs in Jerobad are not available.
Conrad also spoke on the recently launched Floriculture Mission and said that this Mission will strengthen the floriculture industry in the State.
At such times of election it is necessary for us to know some of the important issues so that we can better understand how to elect people to develop our constituency and the country as a whole.
There are powerful plants and shrubs but there is no proper information and they become useless.
On the other hand, the Minister during the visit expressed his condolences to the father of the deceased for the loss of three lives and immediately handed over the donation.
The counting of votes for the Ranikor and South Tura constituencies is ongoing. In South Tura, Conrad has won the postal ballot. John Leslie 4.
They help to increase the presence of neurotrophic factors and the ability to fight against increased fatigue.
Don’t let our nation become a cursed nation.
Anup Jalota, who is in love with Jasleen Matharu, who is younger than him, has revealed that he is in love with Jasleen Matharu, who is younger than him. , up to 37 years old and they have been in love for three years.
Rida gave the money to Niakha and tried to surprise her but Niakha forced her.
The meeting of the CEC will be held at 11.00 pm.
She said that the Market Department of KHADC has issued an order that there should be no kilo price not only in Ïewduh, but also in the markets or areas under the jurisdiction of the Council.
Moodymmai won the toss and elected to bat first. Amity scored 147 runs in 20 overs for the loss of six wickets.
Phone: 9863512121/9366601874.
Thus, on 14 May 1948 AD, the UN declared the return of Israel to the land of their ancestors.
“The building that was damaged is three floors, the upper room was used as a public dining room which was used for necessities.
Speaking to u SP News Agency after being removed from office, he said he doesn't feel anything and others should also take part and take responsibility for the people.
The emergence of parties from time to time has divided the nation because the emergence of many parties has allowed foreign parties to come into the state and also to form governments.
Nangbah, which used to have a Syiem or MLA, has fallen into the 3rd Raliang Constituency and has no MLA anymore.
The CEM, who visited Psiar for the first time, said that the struggle to get or bring the disputed land to the State has been weakened because the residents cannot verify their citizenship. from Meghalaya to Assam.
On the other hand, Samla Rhemdor Nongtri Publicity Secretary of the union said that the union is concerned about the lack of electricity in the area and also the complaints of the people from time to time despite informing the government from time to time. shaka time, which has disrupted the work of the people and also the CHC in the area which has also had a shortage of medicines due to the lack of electricity in the area.
He said the District Child Protection Officer, together with the health department, has helped to identify the children.
Many of the Longkmie and Rangbah including the youth of Mawhati Constituency, on the occasion of the announcement of Kong Iva Kharbani as the candidate, have decided to give their support for the victory of this candidate in the 2023 election. and Mawhati Constituency.
She said that India has the largest number of young voters and urged them not to waste their vote but to exercise their right in the Constitution to elect their leaders.
He said that the VC has ensured that as soon as possible, they will register the qualified people from the state.
The AICC chief's remarks came after the Congress faced a setback after losing the MDC elections to the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) with only seven out of 29 seats.
“I feel that we gradually forget why we are standing here now.
Suriti Ray tied 31 runs from 27 balls and Mansi Anand 11 runs from 19 balls.
Former Defense Minister RG Lyngdoh, Vice Chancellor of Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU), said that the village where the poet came from should be declared as the original village. generation after generation.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the chiefs of the two districts, the CEM said that the KHADC does not prohibit farmers from farming in any area, nor does it set limits for farmers when the village you beat.
These organizations said that this factory is still operating today and it has been a great blessing to the farmers of the area as they have been able to sell their soh ki pai and agricultural products at this factory. factory that produces food and exports it to other places.
Referring to himself as one of those involved in the amendment of the Clan Bill which was passed during the tenure of (L) Bah HS Shylla, Bah Titos said that the current Executive Committee The Bill was passed by a Special Committee headed by Bah Bindo M Lanong.
Furthermore, as an MLA, he congratulated these five villages for completing the construction of the tunnel which has been constructed and filled with earth for the passage of vehicles and to connect to the bridge. The Shnong authorities have spent more than 10 lakh tyngka for the construction of the 100 meter long well.
Only the driver is allowed to sit in front.
If it is possible for the jhur, meat or clothing markets to be located in their respective places, it will undoubtedly help the traffic jam.
He said that on Tuesday night, Bah Ardent had phoned him to ask him to release the land immediately. Later, at 11 pm, a phone call was received from Bah Pariat, Rangbah Shnong of Jaiaw Pdeng. Pariat said that he has already spoken to other Rangbah Shnongs, who are members of the committee. pastor and on the part of the pastor also agreed and gave a place to Bah Ardent.
“We have been told that if we want peace talks, we should support the Congress in the upcoming elections to allow Dr Mukul Sangma to become prime minister again,” said the HNLC. The HNLC wants to declare that it is not foolish to be led by Dr Mukul Sangma for his political strategy as he did in Garo Hills in the last elections, said Bah Nongtraw.
Debasmita is a resident of Rynjah and an MBA graduate and has led the Karnataka Junior team. After MCA received affiliation from the BCCI, she will come. Neha is studying for her B.Com at St Anthony's College.
They include Espiranza Stela Songthiang weighing 50 kg and Saimi Phawa weighing 48 kg.
In 2022, the pass percentage was 56.96 per cent.
The two candidates decided by the UDP are Lutphar Dkhar from Nongshken and Ryngkat Lang Lyndem from Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh constituency.
On the other hand, Conrad Sangma said that about Rs 700 crore projects are underway in the sports department and this Artificial Turf at Umbuda Stadium will be one of the blessings for the youth sportsmen in the district as Ri-Bhoi is prominent in sports. The work will start soon and it is expected that the stadium will be completed within 18 months.
The UDP, West Jaintia Hills District has held a meeting on the 20th of this month at Infinity Hall, Mooralong, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai. Hills District includes Lahkmen Rymbui and Nujorki Sungoh.
Therefore, in order to achieve clean governance and for the people to live in peace, it is necessary to strengthen the Public Assemblies to monitor the work of the government.
Shillong: U CEM of KH ADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, today said that Mukroh village is still part of Meghalaya.
The court also fined the player up to $14,0
“Tejashwi went to meet Laluji, but was not allowed to meet him.
Jowai, Nailur 25: The Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday. Nangbah Mulang beat Mynthong 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
She said that her desire to move forward is through the dialogue between the party leaders, the government and the participation of intellectuals in the community.
If the government does not take action, the Association will discuss this with the district units to take a decision.
The following are the sports programs of these teams.
That is why the people should support the NPP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh so that she can bring many development projects to the Khasi Jaintia Hills and the people,” he added.
Three persons, Jakaiush K. Marak, Palous K. Marak and Athai K. Marak, Monu have been arrested and imprisoned for three months. M.Aarengh, Father of the murdered child, Rikomoni Marak, President Garo Women in Ri Bhoi and others, came to explain to the media in Nongpoh. that the police have not sought the facts to arrest those involved in the crime, but have acted accordingly and have arrested and intended to punish those who are involved in the crime. no one was involved in the murder of the 14-year-old.
Langrin, July 06: The Hima Youth Association of Langrin, has expressed its deep surprise at the action of the Syiem of Langrin Hima, Paiem Naitei Syiemïong, in which he has raised 77 lakh tyngka from the Hima. assistance to a church for the missionary work of the church.
It is for this reason that Phase-III has already prepared to install DI Pipes in all 12 Zones of Shillong and Loop Systems will be used to make it easier in many ways, they said. Engineer PHE. At present, PHE through GSWSS has been able to supply up to 44 MLD water in Shillong for 3.5 lakh households of the city. It can supply up to 51.5 MLD for the water needs of more than 5 lakh households.
This ceremony is held every year before the planting of jhur, mator, phan, riewhadem and other jhur. I can't plant or bury.
He said that the four lane road from Guwahati-Shillong is the initiative of the BJP-led NDA government which has issued a plan to have highways in the country where the Guwahati-Shillong Four Lane is one of the roads. “Faleiro has forgotten to explain why the Guwahati-Shillong road has been standing for 40 years during the UPA government,” Chakraborty said.
The incident occurred between the Punjabis and the employees of the restaurant when the Punjabis, who numbered about 4, were still sitting until 10 pm. means not paying the money for food.
Many of them said that they have sold at the new price which the government has brought to their shops, and at this new price they said that the cheapest price is Officer Choice, which is also “Almost all the types of kyiad, which are in quarter bottles, have been increased by T.5 tyngka, while the price of the bottles has increased by T.5 tyngka”. said a liquor dealer who did not want to be named.
He said that a school in Umladkhur has been sanctioned 45,79,99,000/- which will have to be completed within 30 months.
They don't care because they are self-sufficient and they will never lose every election.
Angelica thanked all those who helped her to win the award from the DC, SP, MLA, MDC and also the political parties.
The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) in collaboration and support with the office of the District Social Welfare Officer West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday conducted a training for the students of Nongtalang College on crime and how to avoid it. These are the types of alcoholic beverages that are common in this district.
This may have caused the passers-by to ask who really dared to do such a cruel thing.
IIM Shillong conducts many activities to promote cooperation between workplaces and educational institutions such as visits to workplaces, speeches by special guests and seminars where experts from workplaces talk to teachers, and they give advice from their experiences.
“We have informed the Minister that if possible, the State Government will release or take them at a low price to encourage the land owners on the border to register their land with the DC Office. , Ri Bhoi,” said Bah Sylliang.
T.3 lakh will be given to Gurmeet Singh son of Gurmukh Singh who burnt down a Scooty dealership in Shillong and T.5 lakh will be given to Satpal Singh, owner of a truck carrying Scooty. The number PB-02-BV-7632 has been registered.
During his visit to Ri Bhoi, the Union Minister said that he is pleased that the implementation of development schemes in Ri Bhoi through the Aspirational District has been successful. those that move steadily and those that move sharply.
He said that the EC led by the PDF has thanked him for bringing the decision in the last dorbar, but he said that it has been deceived and deceived. You have deceived the House or the 29 MDCs but you have deceived the people”.
He was arrested at 11:30 pm.
• It will create employment opportunities for more than 55 lakh people, with a turnover of up to T.1,00,000 crore.
New Delhi, July 21: Dutch footballer Johan Cruyff joined Sunil Chhetri at a children's training camp at the Ambedkar Stadium.
The Government has also rejected the demand of the HPC to provide 200 square meters of land for these 342 households in a meeting with the Government on 25th June
Only six (6) times of the UPSC examination is allowed. Thorough preparation is required to pass these two valuable subjects and the same is true in other subjects.
He encouraged the SHGs to take credit linkage to increase their income.
In Shella Constituency, there are four candidates for the 2014 MDC election, Pynthymmai Chyne from the Congress, Bantyngshain Rynga from the Independent Candidate, Pyndap Saibon from KHNAM and MDC. Shella is now the son of Bah Teinwell Dkhar.
“If they have their own understanding according to the law, they have the right to express and the final decision will be taken by the court,” he said.
L.Nonglait, who is one of the members of the BJP party, has strongly criticized the many comments against the party that come out during the elections and said that these are like those plastic bags. “We know well now who is in power in Delhi and it will be easier to go through it, the law comes from the people, the Constitution of the country,” she said. It also starts by saying 'we the people' we don't have the IOA, Instrument of Assessment which identifies our 30 himas and those 12 doloi, we don't sell them. “We have to stop the thief from behind, we have to fall, we have been defeated, let's pass this election without fear. “This election will be very surprising and will bring about a change in the mindset of the people,” said Dr Fenella.
Lapalang SC will play against Krang SC at 1:30 pm today. Then the second match will be played at 3:30 pm between Gorkha. Shillong, March 08: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) will play against MLP FT at 5:30 pm between Mawryngkneng SC and Nongkseh SC. to congratulate the U-19 cricket players and the Senior Team as these teams are currently preparing for the BCCI tournament this season.
MeECL's power plants, until now, have only hydropower plants and these rely on the rainfall and until now, the state has received prolonged rains and Not only MeECL, but also NEEPCO's power plants, have a shortage of electricity, where out of a capacity of 147 MW, NEEPCO has supplied only 90 MW to Meghalaya is here today.
Manipur authorities on the 3rd of this month said that heavy clashes and riots have occurred again across parts of Churachandpur district as well as in some parts of Bishnupur district. .
The second place winners in the men's category were Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Higher Secondary School and Umpling Presbyterian Secondary School in the women's category.
Therefore, the public is requested to accept the price of rice without AAY and PHH Ration Card except for Non-NFSA Ration Card as directed above. , please contact the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Khliehriat or call the Toll Free No.1697, or the District Grievance Officer, East Jaintia Hills District.
Hamas militants claimed that the woman was an Israeli soldier, but according to news.com.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Meghalaya State Food Commission Rules (MSFCR) 2014 have been drafted by the State Government of Meghalaya. the National Food Security Act
Speaking to reporters, Bah Birbor Riangtem, Secretary of the Union, said that the purpose of the meeting was to avoid the traffic jam of the road from Mawdiang to Langdongdai. food items and other items to be delivered to the villages in the area.
The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has invited the JAC-NEHU to a negotiating table after the group announced an indefinite strike from the 13th of this month.
Khliehriat, July 15: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) in a statement, Wanshwa Suting, wants to clarify regarding the incident which happened at Tuber Kmai village on 03/0 /2024 by the Waheh Shnong, Bah Miki Lyngdoh, who said that Training Phawa, who is a member of the JNC, wanted to kill him and to one member of the village.
To appoint an inquiry will depend on the will of the Government, she said, adding that she feels it would be good if the Government would appoint an independent inquiry into the loss of equipment.
It is a custom to grill individually and finally we will sit down together to discuss PA jnit.
She said that according to the report of BDO GM Lakiang, the release of names and then the removal of those who should have received the poor house scheme, was due to human error, and the party cannot accept this claim.
As a young man who has a responsibility for the future of the country and the nation, I cannot help but take the khulom and the kot sada to invite all the beloved citizens of the Khasi Hills and Jaintia to wake up through this little article, that we should surprise people to start cleaning up from the rympei to the outside not to spread plastic garbage but to throw it in the right place.
The Marwari community has also said that they have lived together with the communities of Meghalaya since 1800 without any differences between them and this has led them to strongly oppose the CAA 2019 and strongly support it. The demand for ILP in the state.
In a letter of complaint sent to the DC, the leaders of the KSU in Ri Bhoi, including Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni and Samla Lambok Rymbai, said that the foundation of the KSU in Ri Bhoi, They demanded that the DC should conduct a thorough investigation into the shortage of teachers in these schools. school.
The Minister added that there are many other musical instruments and songs suitable for dancing or celebrating whether it is patriotic songs and others and requested the students not to use the songs of political parties. kingdom in the bag read.
May her precious soul rest in peace.
On the other hand, he also praised the work of the BJP, saying that it is a strong party that the people want with it, for the work it has done for the people. roi that about.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said the Government has prepared a detailed explanation of the roster, and after seeing this explanation, everything will be clear and there will be no doubt.
She urged the children to come to the hospitals to avoid tragic incidents.
Before 13.09.2021, the union has found that on 27.05.2021, there are two candidates who have not been employed for the posts of LDA. The appointment shall not be made by the office without public notice and advertisement.
Regarding the other members of the Commission, the Minister said that the old members will continue to hold office until the end of their term but to renew only the Chairperson has to be discussed. and the Prime Minister.
North Korea currently allows only 15 types of hairstyles, and those who wear other styles, such as bowl or shorter chess and longer back, will face severe punishment. said the news.
It is not easy for the national parties because to win only one MP, no one will listen to the voice of one especially among the hundreds of MPs from Rithor.
In a statement, Bah.
And as I walked along the ancient dirt road back home, my thoughts turned to those 165 years ago and I thought about how their lives were and the experiences they had.
On the part of the management and teachers of the school, they donated Momentos to these children, and they said that the school, although it is a rural school, but they want them to The students who left the school, to pass well in the SSLC examination, because these students who will write this year, are in the third year, that is, since the school, has sent the students. to contest the SSLC, where in the past two years, the students of the school have passed well and the school has scored 80%, but this year the management of the school, wants to All students have passed the SSLC Examination
I was sent to this office by the people.
Lber 22: The residents of Maikhuli village in Raid Marwet, Ri-Bhoi District today held a public meeting to express their strong opposition to the inclusion of some places and villages in Meghalaya. to Assam after the demarcation of the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
This can be done through discussion and discussion on existing laws to strengthen them,” he said.
Shillong, November 15: U Bah Michael Syiem, Convener of the Maitshaphrang Movement, in a meeting with reporters today, said that the name of the jaitbynriew has been misused for political gain. who is who.
The Medical Officer of OST Khliehriat, Dr J Nongtdu, explained that people in the old age, need to have a happy home and need Speaking on this occasion, Dr Nongtdu (OST) expressed his happiness that in this country, our people are at home, with love, with respect. He said that the elderly have never been able to sleep in the nursing homes. He said that there are places where the elderly have never been able to sleep in their homes. Respect the elders in the faith that if you respect them, you will receive blessings.
“Yesterday, I felt very weak and went to the doctor.
There is no difference between Hindu Bengalis and Muslim Bengalis.
Six months ago, the number of cases was 11,000 a day, but now it has risen to 107,1
Momin, 34, a Vodafone operator from Adugre.
He reminded that in the working process there is a need for mutual trust.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya along with other Ministers have left for Delhi to meet the Minister of Roads of India and to ask for money from the Minister of Roads and Highways. part of the need for roads in Meghalaya including the above roads.
He said that in the last four years through these programmes, the government has spent at least Rs 1000 crore.
“I have received interviews from many foreigners who have come to participate in the Tere Madre food festival and I am surprised that they have never found such a key in other parts of the country. of the world”, said Mr. Michael.
It is also the responsibility of the Shillong Municipal Board or the Urban Affairs Department to cover up the Nala so that those who used to throw garbage into the Nala and those who flow back into the Wah Umkhrah cannot. Such activities are no longer allowed without considering the cleanliness of the river and the environment.
Syntu, as a farmer, spends her life in the morning with her son in the fields and from Hali kba in the evening home.
The photograph shows a strong explosion of rockets, a strong fire and then a strong smoke from the area, until Russian troops had to flee to rescue. im alone from the battlefield.
They speak the truth with a humble spirit, they speak with responsibility, with hope.
Why do I say that the more churches there are, the bigger they become?
The High Court has allowed the CBI lawyer to submit the report to the Registrar General who will arrange for it to be taken up during the hearing.
Shillong, October 30: The JYF-EJH led by its President Samla Niwasly Rymbai and General Secretary Johnson Pala on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner of the JYF-EJH. They also submitted a petition to the Town Committee of East Jaintia Hills District demanding the relocation of the garbage dump which is located only half a kilometer from the DC's office and which is also located near the road by. -pass to Ladrymbai, Rymbai, Diengshynrum and Khliehriat.
However, on this, she said the government has launched the E-Dhaga App to address the problems of the private sector related to access to goods, delays in delivery and availability of adequate storage space.
He also emphasized on the growth of forestry activities in the state in the past years which have brought about peace and stability in the society.
He said that initially when he sent the Soil Officers to inspect the construction of wells, check dams, bridges and fences in the farmland, the farmers did not believe because they were getting worse. that the branch is dead.
The law does not prohibit them from doing so, but it does not allow them to do so.
He said that in these days, the Prime Minister has distributed appointment letters to many youth in various departments.
Many desires and needs, such as money, the colors of the world, food and drink, medicines, and so on.
The victim was identified as Cheman Momin while the arrested was identified as Pisto Sangma.
However, if the government looks at this issue so that all children can go to school as set by the RTE, then the celebration is only a joy for those who have and have no real meaning.
On the same day, Conrad also received three leading leaders of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) including former President Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, Chief Organizer Dipshon Ryntathiang and Chief Organizer Dipshon Ryntathiang. Former General Secretary of the party Bah Emlang Lytan who left the PDF party along with Bah Hamlet to join the NPP. the activities and details as a leader in the past five years.
“Those who have received the card don't know that they still have to pay because they have been told that if they have the card they will get treatment up to T.2 lakh and go to hospitals. without money and don't have money to pay, some of the poorest and the poorest don't even have T.100 tyngka; However, they go to hospitals with joy because they have this card. Many times we leaders have to drive away immediately when they inform us that they have faced this problem and we cannot pay from the hospital. “It's just that they can leave,” said Saleng.
The construction of the Integrated Administrative Complex is expected to cost up to T.550 crore.
Police have arrested a man for making fake certificates of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) at a printing shop in North Garo Hills. .
However, until now, the electricity supply has not been restored for two months.
India also won two bronze medals in the Men's 50M Pistol.
In Ri Bhoi District, 17 cases have been confirmed.
“Recently, 46 shops of foreigners have been closed down due to lack of trading license during the inspection of the CEM of KHADC. “It is surprising that many foreigners in this area do the same without trading licence,” said Bah Gigur Myrthong. “The Council will act according to the rules to close down these factories without permits,” he added.
Shillong: U Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, today visited the hospitals for Covid-19 patients in Shillong. There is no Covid-19 treatment center in Jaintia Hills.
He said the government allows only if there is a wedding ceremony and a gathering of people at the funeral home, but these will have to get permission from the Deputy Commissioners.
The program will be conducted on the Swiss system and the duration will be 10 minutes 5 seconds per round.
Indeed, if we turn to the income side, it will be a great blessing to the district at this time, if the government releases the coal that is still here in our state and district.
It is to be recalled that the government has urged all religious leaders to support the government in the fight against the corona virus in the state.
Shillong: A public hearing on the proposal to expand the operations of Star Cement, at Bri Chyrnot, has started this morning.
Raj Biswa and Yogesh Nagar scored 338/5 in the first innings of the Ranji Trophy against Nagaland at the Polo Shillong today. .
The main purpose of this camp office is to bring closer the work of government offices and the public as these places are farther away from the District Head Quarter.
The BDO has been directed to monitor the progress of the work and also to submit the reports to the Deputy Commissioner and Chairman of the DRDA every month and this order will come into force immediately.
“The Mandi-Joginder Nagar Highway has also been closed.
RESEARCH ACTIVITIES & TRAINING Action Research Projects have been initiated by officers in various functions of BIS. to advise on renewal/ replacement/warranty or withdrawal.
According to sources, the five persons who were arrested on that day have been taken into custody by the police for further investigation.
It is now up to the High Court to decide on that day.
Others who met Gandhi were Amarinder Singh from Punjab, Bhupesh Baghel from Chhattisgarh and V. Narayansamy from Puducherry.
This decision was taken at a meeting convened by the government with all political parties in the state to discuss and develop ways and means to resolve this issue which has caused disruption in peace and order. I'm from Shillong.
If so, shouldn't the public be notified that there will be no BDO Officer in Khliehriat on that day so that the public can be happy?
However, for the sake of the future of your children you need to try these suggestions that can help you to spend time with your children and take responsibility for them.
These people have no children and are very old, and they have no hope of having children.
The SSC has already conducted the examination on 21st June 2013 for Tier I, on 19th June 2013 for Tier 2 and for Tier 3 in April
Rochester Lawriniang scored the first goal for Christ Church in the 58th minute.
He said that the company cannot pay twice for the same land, so they have no right to stop the work and if they do so, the army will be sent to punish them.
This prompted Bah Carmel Kharhujon to inquire at the Office of KHADC regarding this order through the RTI Act 2005, where it was found that all the customs and traditions of the KHADC have been put in place. The white paper on this issue has been sent to the KHADC from time to time and has been approved by the EC of Bah T.Dkhar in the presence of MDC Sohra.
We have received information on this issue and we have also made it clear to the DC South West Khasi Hills District and the PHE department that they are against the introduction of earthmoving machines in Mawkyrwat. The PHE has banned water drilling in the entire district.
It is also expected that the citizens of the state will see more and more the skills of these new leaders to explain in the Dorbar from now on.
At the same time, he expressed his regret that there are Khasi who drive vehicles in foreign countries without a licence.
We feel that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare should clarify this.
On the other hand, the Director of Education Program of the NRAI and Joint Secretary General Pawan Singh congratulated the SAM. and DSYA who were willing to organize this programme.
However, the meeting led to the anger of the HYC leaders after the Director of NEIGRIMHS started the meeting by alleging that the HYC came only to disturb, which led to the leaders of the HYC. Don't be angry and leave this room.
Hurdles CC won by 7 runs and Bamanbha Shangpliang was named Player of the Match.
The incident happened on the 3rd July at 11:30 pm, when Micky and Denis were trying to stir up trouble in Tuber Kmaishnong, a place known as Kamar Khlot, but Suddenly, they were shot by Training Phawa who stabbed them with a sdie until they were seriously injured.
They had valuable dogs that they released in the corners of their houses to drive away their thieves.
However, he said that the money will have to be returned in the near future.
Scientists at the Chinese Academy of Sciences are still studying these signals, which they collected in April this year.
This song is dedicated to Wandermere Resort, B.Sawkmie Channel, Eve Lapasan Channel, Amos Suting Channel, Kit Rina Channel, F.nongbri Channel, Kynsai 01 official video, Nongsain Hima, Batesi tv. and you can download the channel.
He alleged that there are those who speak against the issue and urged the people to reject these people in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
Meghalaya has a 443 km long border with Bangladesh, and rich natural resources and it will be an opportunity to develop them through cooperation with the border country by improving roads, tourism and others.
The visit of the Russian and Chinese ministers to North Korea is a reopening of cooperation between the three countries since the UK has closed its border gates since the outbreak of Covid-1
He said the target of the NCC is to attract women to join the NCC and the reserved share is 33% for women.
It’s the hidden treasure beneath the soles of our feet that we can’t see but is essential to our lives.
On the other hand, those who went with Bah Pranshon could not do anything, because it happened suddenly.
The Dorbar Shnong Khimusniang has informed the public that those who intend to build, sell or buy land must obtain NOC from the Village Authority.
The program was attended by teachers, members of WWO Seiñraij Jowai and residents of the village.
These shops include Satya Narayan shop owned by Deepak Chokhani and JB Textiles.
He said that when parking in front of schools and hospitals, they should not blow the horn because it does not release the parking lot.
Although Sri Lanka are currently fifth in the table and Ireland 10th, they are struggling to qualify for the 2024 tournament. .
The Protestant Churches in England do not want to be governed by the Church of England where the King of England is the head of the Church.
There will also be a launch of a memorial book by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma who will also be the Chief Guest.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar today visited these hospitals and announced that he will pay Rs 4 lakh to each family who have suffered the death of their children. pain.
SEBA has already sent show-cause notices to 294 schools on 28th July and 11th November 2022 and sought clarification from the authorities. schools on the decline in educational opportunities.
Umshangiar managed to score 78 runs for the loss of all wickets in 13 overs.
Bah Monarch ShabongThe motorcycle race has arrived in Shillong and we don't know where these motorcycles will go on their journey, but it's just an incident, which we will remember forward.
Although Umiam have won, they have not yet qualified for the final as they will have to play against MLP in the 2nd leg. goal will advance to the final.
These measures will increase the income of farmers, strengthen traditional organic farming methods, preserve soil fertility and ensure food security.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC has been given one day to conduct a trading license and labor license against foreigners in East Jaintia Hills District. hi the steps to perform a search.
The same drug also strengthens the strength of blood vessels in older animals, researchers have found.
After an emergency meeting held on Tuesday, the two organizations decided to send a letter to the SDSEO and the DMC on this issue.
On the other hand, Pala urged the residents of Jaintia Hills to come out in order.
They are among seven others who have been selected for the award from the Civil Defense and Home Guards Organization (CDF) headquarters in the North East on the occasion of Independence Day.
What is this? Jesus said – The world hates Me, the world does not hate a Christian but the Son of God, it means that they hate God.
Meanwhile, Nongwar SC beat Mawkisyiem Youth Club 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
There are those who say, “Politics is a very dirty job” and I don't know where such an idea comes from, but now we know that politics is a clean job.
They reportedly went to a dinner party and talked about the deteriorating economy in the country and immediately informed Kim Jon Un, where they said. they were summoned and arrested, by the military authorities.
The counting of votes in all these states will be held on 2nd June
Shillong Lajong Football Club (SLFC) has invited the people of the state to come and support the club in the first home match of the Second Division League on Thursday (14th) against the United Sports Club in Kolkata.
Rayonald Kharkamni said that the MCA together with the RBDCA will continue to assist those in need and that is to deliver more assistance to those in need in order to fight against the pandemic. the COVID-19 pandemic.
In the petition, AHAM has expressed its opposition to the release of the results by the Meghalaya State Watershed and Wasteland Development Agency (MSWA) and said that this is a refusal to implement the recruitment quota and the reluctance of the State Government to development projects in Garo Hills.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 14: In the past two years, there have been discussions on the collapse of the Dwarksuid Bridge which has put in danger to the people in coming and going. The Dwarksuid Bridge has been banned for heavy vehicles from passing through the Dwarksuid Bridge, but this problem of the people has not been resolved after the state government through the NHAI has built another bridge. The NHAI said that the work is progressing well and the NHAI will soon complete the bridge.
Therefore, the union has struggled as much as possible to find ways to solve these problems of the children and students who are still stranded in Shillong.
“He came unto his own, and they that were his own received him not” John 1:1
Sodium hyphochlorite (2-3%) or phenol (2%) or formalin (1%) should be sprayed in areas where there are no infected animals.
The injured were identified as E Lathong, 23, driver of the vehicle, Lehbha Suchiang, 44, and D Biam,
“We welcome the surrender of Bah Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew because the whole goal is for peace,” she said.
Lowang has been in jail for the past five years in connection with the murder while Kitnya is still undergoing trial and is still in jail. for the past two years.
It is also a pleasure for the farmers for this year that they have received a better price in the market and if there is no price of Sohtrun, they often lose money and do not benefit even though they have treated it. and he sent Sohtrun to the fields.
Sanowal's BJP government in Assam has not yet been willing to discriminate against Christians or Muslims but Himanta Biswa Sarma's majority government has begun to discriminate against him to prove that he is a strong worker.
Sunn said the Nongspung Hima had also sent a letter to the Chief Minister last year to oppose the construction of the bridge by Assam at Akhoijinira and urged that it should be stopped completely.
And that the Bible will point not to other ways, but to the way of righteousness and truth, the way of sharing and sharing in the wealth that God has blessed.
When I say 'religion', I don't mean 'Presbyterian', 'Catholic', 'Church of God', 'Fellowship', 'Seventh Day', 'Baptist' and others, because these are not religions.
Their struggle with Jesus to establish the Kingdom of God and the rule of righteousness on earth has failed and ended because their Savior, Redeemer and Leader has been crucified. the cross.
The game from the first half to the second half ended with goal attempts.
“I have decided not to accept the ILP in the dorbar after the discussion in Delhi.
In a statement, SEPSD President Wanbun Dkhar said that the idea behind the ministry's decision to amend the EIA 2006 is just a ploy to get away with doing whatever it wants, especially in Through this amendment, the government will be able to violate the rights of the people, as the notification EIA 2020 also states that there is no need for public explanation beforehand. to start any project or factory and this is in violation of the Environment Protection Act, 1986 and in violation of the Mandatory Method, Discretionary Method and Cost Benefit Analysis of the Environment Impact Assessment
Mookbu, on the other hand, didn't give up, Bun War scored the third goal in the 28th minute and Binus scored the second goal in the 35th minute. Langshiang, in the first half, the score was 3 to 2 goals.
Laban Police Station, led by KP Singh, OC, has registered a case No. 114(12)2022 U/S 363 IPC. Laitumkhrah PS, Bihar, has found Sonali Kumari from Bidupur village in Vaishali district, Bihar, yesterday, showing that she has been missing for half a year.
Shillong, Lber 2: “The Dohkha Pond of the District Council at Lailad is only to please the MDCs and their colleagues,” said Bah Albinus Lyngdoh MDC Umroi, who is also the EM of Fishery Department. Donkupar Sumer MDC of the UDP Umsning constituency has asked whether the District Council has produced enough money for the fish farm.
Those living with HIV/AIDS are patients who need adequate help, support and treatment.
She also raised the issue of discrimination against the Dkhars in the state by saying that since 1979 these village promisers have never been arrested and even if they are arrested they are released due to the negligence of Meghalaya.
Raut top scored for Meghalaya with 38 runs from 39 balls while Daïaka Warjri scored 13 runs from 24 balls.
According to the old man, the bird was in his house all night and he fed it with soh. “I ate a little,” he said.
The ceremony was held at Infinity Hall, Mooralong in the presence of members of Rotary Club Jowai and BD Marak as the chief guest.
Shillong: Shillong: The city of Shillong today has experienced severe cold weather, according to the Meteorological Department.
Regarding this, the teachers have announced that the strike will continue as announced earlier.
“Previously, only the driver and the front passenger had to wear tyrpeng helmets, but in this law, those sitting in the back also have to wear these helmets,” said the traffic department.
:The new Khasi song, “Ngam understand”, will be released on the 15th of June
“ This is the purpose that is planned over all the earth".
College has lodged a complaint with the police that a student of Tura Govt.
It was also suggested to the University authorities to immediately set up a COVID-19 Task Force to look into and listen to the concerns of the students across the State regarding the conduct of Online Classes and Examinations.
He said China, although it has expressed its support for Russia in its invasion of Ukraine, has not taken sides or assisted anyone in the country. These two countries have been involved in the fighting until now.
He said that the victory is also due to the hard work of the people and this has brought about a change in the way of working and he encouraged the people to take responsibility for this task until the state reaches the level of achievement. to send fish outside the state.
They were arrested from a local taxi operating from Byrnihat to Nongpoh. They were on their way from Byrnihat and were about to get off at Nongpoh. A case has been registered under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act 1985.
The source said she declined to elaborate on those rules and the reasons why the ARSS could not follow them.
Therefore, the best thing for the allies in the MDA is to unite for the Shillong seat to nominate only one candidate.
He also informed that the government through the AH & Veterinary Department has prepared interest free loans to any Cooperative Society which comes forward to register as a Piggery Society or Multipurpose Society. .
She said that the police themselves have destroyed all the evidence at the scene of his death.
And the man rested there.
He said that the farmers should have their own units in each village so that they can fight against the problems, said Bah Commander.
In one type of leaf these stems are netted; in another type of leaf these veins are parallel.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongnah Unit has expressed its deep sorrow over the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh through the Jakrem Ranikor road. Bangladesh.
It is prohibited to place any banners or flags on commercial vehicles unless the vehicle is used for election purposes and must have obtained permission from the office of the District Election Officer/Returning Officer.
Two cases were reported from West Karbi Anglong district and two others from Darrang and Udalguri districts.
At this General Meeting, the Seinkur Dkhar also renewed its office bearers for the year 2024-2
“Besides, the three Sirdarships of Nonglang, Jyrngam and Raidmynsaw were the former British Areas.
Such households below the Below Poverty Line (BPL) should be given special assistance so that their children can complete school at least up to Class
Mawkyrwat, Nailar, 25: As part of the awareness campaign among school children on the NALSA Scheme 2015 and the Juvenile Justice Act The District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) today held a meeting at Rising Secondary School, Sohkhyllam (RSSS), Mawkyrwat.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, officials from the Sports Department including Director Isawanda Laloo, officers and coaches of SAI Training Centre, officials of the Dream Foundation and others.
Policy: the right-to-least-right is the lynter; saiñ shall not be cleansed; work is to do something for the purpose of sule as intended.
He said the Minister of Home Affairs had gone to Delhi to discuss this and the government had already decided earlier that it was against the proposal to allocate shares to other ethnic groups in the Territorial Autonomous Councils.
In the undecorti-cated shaba fertilizer, the nitrogen content is lower; however, in the fertilizer obtained from the shana-badam when the stalks are harvested, the nitrogen content is higher.
Regarding the allegation of smuggling cows to Bangladesh, the Syiem said he had no information and said that perhaps there are vehicles carrying direct from other places in Assam and smuggled. directly to Bangladesh.
BB Lyngdoh MLA and the owners' organizations said that at that time foreigners have gained this power in the state through money and corruption in the name of development, big industrialists & businessmen come to develop, destroy, exploit the land, forests and confiscate the trade and property of the State.
This is Mallah's first visit to his constituency after being elected as the Speaker of the Children's Assembly.
India didn't get off to a good start but lost the wickets of Rohit Sharma, Ishan Kishan and Shreyas Iyer for only two runs. KL Rahul and Virat Kohli, who took wickets and scored runs slowly until they tied 165 runs between them, led India to victory. India lost the wicket of Kohli for 167 runs.
Pyniaid has been suspended from the party for two years on charges of fighting against the party especially during the mid-term MDC elections.
“It's enough,” said Ban.
Therefore, the State is preparing to take part in this tournament.
Your plate is clean! We all know what a pla is.
Modi later wrote on his Twitter account that he had spoken to Advani and asked him to withdraw his resignation. hope at all for the workers of the party, who are everywhere.
The daily calorie intake varies from one person to another according to the needs of the body and according to the health and fitness of men as well as women and children.
This man became Adam, a deep sleep was caused to Adam, and he took one of his ribs and made Eve, who was his wife.
Moodymmai scored 249/8 in 35 overs.
At the same time, Bah Process strongly criticized the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) for its change of language regarding the position on the demand for Inner Line Permit in the state.
Mondal said the situation is not reassuring especially when the water level does not rise due to low rainfall during these months.
According to commentators, this letter was written between 135 and 140 AD and is closely related to the letter of James.
The protest came after the shooting death of a 17-year-old boy named Nahel for escaping from the security checkpoint at the time.
“The government has prepared for the rehabilitation of the areas affected by coal mining and has already started in some areas,” he said.
They should explain to the people why they decided not to give tickets to these people, whether it is difficult to get a candidate who has no criminal record, in those constituencies, political parties. “They have to be published in the media so that the public knows under what law they have been charged,” said Kumar.
Lamphrang said that according to his information, he has recognized the deterioration of this road which serves many villages in the 12 villages area.
He said it is very pleasant to hear that this school has not set too much goal to compete with other schools, to come forward and appear in education.
In connection with this incident, the KSU Eastern Border Area, led by Samla Banjop Maring, went to help a woman, who is also the owner of the shop. which was severely affected by the pluhiing incident.
The Waheh Shnong of Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong, Russel Nongrum, in his speech, said that the Dorbar Shnong has spent a lot of money on sports and has found it difficult to raise funds to support the sports activities of the children and youth of the village. you don't play.
These SHGs may be groups that undertake various activities for their livelihood.
The Atal Vayo Abhyuday Yojana (AVYAY) provides for the needs of the elderly from shelter, financial security, food and drink, health care and communication with other people or have honor in life.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Manipur by 83 runs in the Vijay Hazare Trophy in Chennai today for the fourth consecutive victory.
This is the second time in Ri-Lum Jaintia and the first time in Laskeiñ.
This was acknowledged by the President of the BJP Meghalaya, Ernest Mawrie, who said that the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam has started after the initiative of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi. that he will return to power in
The arrival of these factories does not benefit the council and even the villagers, but these factories pollute the environment,” said the MPUF. “We have decided to send a letter to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) and the State Government,” said the MPUF leaders.
Rupang has now met another surprising doctor who doesn't use any herbal medicines or traditional medicines to treat people but his skills are just to pray.
The SP East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Khar Krang, said that the incident happened at about 9:30 pm.
Kohima, Naitung 17: Two school children have been killed in the middle of the road when a FKJGP members have fled the scene. The NSCN(K) is still fighting with the Assam Rifle troops.
It's just a childish talk,” he said.
He also urged to set up a Community College at Laitlyngkot to improve education in the area, to upgrade the Shillong-Sohra road from Hynniewmer to Sohra to a four (4) lane road. of State roads of tourist interest.
May Phan Nonglait be an example to other women or longkmie in these days.
He said that democracy in the Northeast has weakened due to the conversion of the brew to Christianity.
The face of those guys expressed excitement because they knew a lot of new and perhaps, strange things too.
The body of the leader was laid with flowers by the people and covered with the tricolor flag of India. .
The Fact Finding Committee headed by Bah KP Pangngiang, MDC of Langpih constituency has been appointed by the KHADC to collect the documents of the land owners in the constituency as part of the strengthening of the land owners. Meghalaya's claim to the area bordered by Assam.
Indeed, even the dead see the living.
The UDP, according to its announced candidates, is of age and qualified.
“The presence of such a stadium will help to develop the players of the State especially in this age,” said Bah Kharkongor. provide training to the players, but having such facilities will be a boon to them.
Paisal Ali took 4 wickets for EGH. Ali was the top scorer for EGH in the first innings with 24 runs but his teammates found it difficult to fight against Gaurav J Thakuria, who scored 6/2
Shillong, July 04: Former Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah P. Barkos.
At the same time, he said that the Khasi community is very poor in reading and for this reason, it has discouraged writers from writing books because there are no buyers.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that he has given 10 days to the government to listen to his demand to pass the Village Administration Bill. thngan did not die.
Regarding this incident, the residents of the village have strongly condemned the robbers involved in this act of harassment and humiliation of the young women in the village as this incident has also happened in the village. I don't think so.
Pynthorsale SC and Rymbai Madanpynriang have qualified for the quarter final of the 3rd Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
Chanmi Phawa scored the second goal in the 51st minute and Fourly Phawa in the 57th minute.
The three men were among 15 people shot dead Thursday in the eastern part of the country.
However, the government has not yet responded which is sad,” said KSU General Auguester Jyrwa.
" said Hep.
The match between the two teams ended 0-0
The Minister also informed that the Government has relaunched Skill India through PMKVY 4.0, which will train about 50,000 youth in Meghalaya in future-oriented skills with employment opportunities. companies.
All these prisoners are under the supervision of the police.
In the past, we won 16 seats from Khasi Jaintia and 14 seats from Garo.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, launched balloons to mark the Meghalaya Day in the presence of a large crowd.
In his speech, he said that this is a special day which is the International Volunteer Day and it is for the youth to remember this day especially for those youth who are intelligent and brave leaders who volunteer. who have contributed in their work in the community, in the Seng Samla Shnong and in the Sports Club as well as those who have brought about development in all aspects.
She expressed her confidence that she will reach the goal this time after fighting in
Rymbai, Sordar of Saitsohpen District in the presence of Bah DK Synteng, Matabor Dongskul, elders of Nongsawlia Church and the people.
He spent so much money that he didn't have anything tomorrow.
Shillong, June 29 : Founder, Managing Director and Chief Gastroenterologist of Supercare Hospital, Shillong, Dr Rangksan Sing Thangkhiew has received the Distinguished Career Award at the Northeast Healthcare Summit 2023 held at Radisson Blue. Hotel Guwahati on the 28th of this month.
He said these can be implemented within four to five years while the power projects will take years to complete until they are operational.
“We have already discussed with the CMD of NEEPCO, who is also the CMD of NTPC,” he said. Thermal Power Project has been completed by NEEPCO.
“On the 12th of this month at 2 pm we will meet with the Chief Minister led by Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit and other MLAs of the party. “The party has sent a letter to the government to demand the rights of the youth,” said Dr Batskhem.
Indonesian officials say the country's loss of the tournament has caused a huge loss to the country amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars.
On the other hand, the party has also taken a step to oppose the railway line while the government has not been able to implement the ILP in the state.
In the first match on Tuesday, Sabahmuswang beat Nangbah Ïawmusiang 1-0 with a goal from Myson Shylla in the 90th minute.
Charles Muksor is the youngest candidate of all the candidates.
At the end of the match, all three goals were scored by former SLFC player Tremiki Lamurong in the 32nd and 73rd minutes. Batskhem Thangkhiew scored the second goal in the 56th minute.
Those present on the occasion were MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Carnes Sohshang, MDC Pynthor and Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, teachers, school children and others.
The Congress has decided to re-elect Wansuk for the Rajya Sabha MP elections.
Sophie will be undergoing treatment and Justin will be undergoing treatment for 14 days.
Its aim is to eliminate religious differences and to bring unity within the Bri U Hynniew Trep Hynniew Skum.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest also inaugurated many road construction projects and launched a booklet on the progress of the district in various fields during the past year. go since it opened on November 10, 2021.
The State Government through the Department of Arts & Culture will hold a two-day Janajatiya Gourav Divas program starting on 15th November 2023, to join hands with the entire country in celebrating and commemorating the Janajatiya Gourav Divas. honoring the various contributions of the indigenous freedom fighters and also explaining a little bit about the awards won in the civil movement.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has reached the semi final of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Basketball Tournament.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 411 new cases have been confirmed and 4427 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
God says – I will gather the remnant of my flock.
Milna Lamin, resident of Tympang Iawmusiang, Jowai, passed away on 9th August
Therefore, he expressed his gratitude to Dr.W.Sutnga for doing this part through his vision as to have a consultation before starting to implement the more important tasks ahead.
When asked by the PRO of MeECL whether these households who have been cut off electricity want to supply electricity to their homes, the department will still provide electricity. “If you want to pay your old bills according to your ability, we will allow you to pay them in full or in small amounts,” said Bah Sahkhar. even though the old is not yet clean.
The people who still hold to the traditional faith, from the youth, the elderly, the elderly, women and men came to take part in this spiritual rise, to receive the blessings.
The Minister's statement may have some truth because the BJP is not a strong party in the state as it is elsewhere.
It is here that the saying “Eye, for eye” has come true and this is the incident, which happened in Surajpur District, Chhattisgarh.
Shillong, June 21: The Dorbar Shnong Khlieh Tyrshi, West Jaintia Hills District has seized hundreds of liters of illegal liquor from Merit Shylla, resident of Mukhla. This month at 8:30 pm.
It is my habit to read the newspapers every morning.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Everson Syngkon, a member of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) who was arrested and charged under the MPDA during his protest against the Inner Line Permit (ILP), has been released. this is Tuesday.
They also started cultivating Tit in some households using skum Kba.
Shillong, July 29 : Former South Tura MLA John Lesslee K Sangma on Tuesday joined the BJP at the party office in Shillong.
The incident occurred after some of the residents recorded the incident. The Bangladesh army warned the residents not to record video and carry weapons. (weapon).
According to the KSU leader, the reason for the removal of these five teachers is because they have to go for an interview for these various positions before being selected as teachers. compete.
She also explained that with the aim of restoring the monthly billing system, MeCEL will no longer have to distribute bills for two months.
State government officials including Paul Lyngdoh, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Chairman of the State Planning Board and others took part in the protest at Jantar Mantar.
The team is in fourth place with 13 points from nine games.
“Unfortunately, the price of corruption has been paid by the poor of the state regardless of their ethnicity.
“He said that the Congress leaders by introducing the 6th Scheduled is to protect the hill people,” he said at a public meeting in Thynroid on Friday.
"The captain of the team, Brolington Warlarpih, has joined the team since the last round, after not taking part in the group matches because he wanted to spend time with his family in the team. Christmas celebration in November last year.
This money is available to the State Governments to provide assistance in case of natural disasters.
At the same time, he said that they send their condolences to those who have been victims of the attack and condemn those who dared to commit the attack.
Police including the Special Operation Team (SOT) along with bullet proof vehicles rushed to the scene to control the situation and maintain peace and order.
The Minister said that all the development schemes have been well designed and the Government encourages the people to set up their own businesses and do their own jobs in the fields. different along with its motivation and support.
On the other hand, the union said that the largest rally in the state will be peaceful and dignified.
Members of the Children's Association (KKHA) who visited the scene confirmed that the child had died.
The club has scheduled to hold this tournament on the 3rd November from 11 am at the Polytechnic Auditorium Hall, Mawlai Kyntonmassar, Shillong.
Therefore, to avoid the misuse of the kur and jait of us and to avoid the problems in the future, I strongly urge you (CEM) who is well in age and leadership, to pass laws and regulations as soon as possible. “We have been empowered by the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India,” said Pariat in a letter to the council. CEM Ma Thombor Shiwat promised to take action. A resolution in the Council on this Act to recognize the Kurs and Jaits.
In the second half, Madan Heh FC scored four goals including one goal, while Mawlai Impact FC scored only one goal. col.
The DC has appealed to the public to follow the safety precautions as explained by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare from time to time, refrain from leaving their homes except when absolutely necessary and to get vaccinated immediately. quickly if you haven't done it yet.
Although the dive teams tried to dig the river and search for the two persons throughout the day on the 16th of the following day, they could not find anything.
He said that the JCCC was established on 18th December, 2021 and the first batch (DSC) started from 1st February 2022 to 30 April 2022. The Orientation Program for DSC and MPSC candidates was held on 21 March, 2022 at the District Library Jowai. levels.
And when I found out, I couldn't accept it".
“I am not against the party but I am against the people in the party,” said the CEM of KHADC. to submit copies of the bill six months before the start of the session and to discuss it in the Congress Legislative Party (CLP).
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Convener of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) of North Eastern Region, Bah D.Malai, on Tuesday said that if the government takes action on the work of Rangbah Shnongs, there will be no need for civil society organizations. political parties to protest by strike and other forms of protest.
Shillong, Naitung, 09: A group of former MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have decided to leave the party to join other political parties.
At the same time, the Seng expresses its surprise to see through the media that the Committee from WKH headed by Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, while conducting a joint inspection with Assam, “We express our strong opposition to this childish behavior of Bah Renikton L Tongkhar. “The border areas are not his personal property, where he can do whatever he wants but it is part of the Hima Khasi,” said Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President HYC WKHD. The Seng also witnessed that the Chairman of the Ribhoi District Regional Committee when conducting such an inspection had invited the Syiems, Raids, Rangbah Shnongs and KHADC leaders. it is different and not done like in Ribhoi.
At that time, the woman who sold the tea was angry and said, 'Since Christmas we haven't had electricity, she only knows how to collect money.
This will help alleviate unemployment among the youth,” said the chairman of the NSDA. He said that up to 5 crore youth will benefit from the 12th Five Year Plan.
The government has terminated the contract with HPF after it failed to comply with the terms of the contract.
Besides these two women who have recently joined the HSPDP, another candidate who lost the last MLA election, Fenela Nonglait, may also emerge.
During the meeting, the head of the company promised to build a proper well to prevent the fly ash from flowing into the river. The head of the company also promised to irrigate the road to prevent it from flooding within 15 and 20 days.
Pynskhem Mukhim scored a hat-trick for Da-i-hi Sports Club to beat Nangbah Pohchnong 6-1 in the 3rd Adelbert Memorial Trophy. .
She first worked with Nazareth Hospital and after that she returned to the government.
He said that Bah Adelbert has applied to the ECI as President of KHNAM and the ECI has recognized him.
This is the first time that the Shooting Association of Meghalaya has taken the initiative to promote children with disabilities.
At Mawphlang, he also impressed the Khasi dancers, the duhalia, when he could not just watch their music, but he took a stick to play the Khasi Bom himself.
He said the Governor has listened carefully to these explanations and said that he will take the necessary action.
When the plague came, many died.
The Shymplong Hingaria Bridge connecting six villages on the India-Bangladesh border has been flooded.
Shortly after the second half, Lajong were reduced to 40 men after A. Lyngdoh received a red card (49 minutes) before R. Gupta of Rajasthan scored the first goal of the match. 2 goals in the 50th minute.
At present, he said, the salary to these employees is paid according to the income.
After 19 years of waiting, the relatives of Rishanki Biam, the murdered fugitive, have finally received justice after the Session Judge's Court in West Jaintia Hills. District, Jowai, on 28th October 2013, announced that Aloi Suiam has been sentenced to life imprisonment.
Nongpoh, March 22: The Banbudai Sports and Cultural Club, Ri-Bhoi District has opened the Senior and Under-13 “Inter -House Football Tournament" on the 21st March, 2023 at 12 noon at Banbudai Playground.
“Ade Hep you have come...” Lydia welcomed me. “I doubted whether you would be at home but I believed you would be there and I came.
He said that the state is blessed with natural resources and everywhere he walks he is amazed by the beauty of the surrounding nature.
Three other MLAs, three CEMs, three Hima Chiefs and three other Seng Bhalang (SBLs).
He said that the hilly terrain and the heavy rainfall that the state is witnessing, therefore, it is necessary to follow the rules of transportation of goods according to the rules.
“I am a person who wants to promote the development of the constituency and when I distribute schemes I distribute without discrimination for the benefit of the constituency as a whole,” said Ma Suïam.
I also urge the people, chiefs, Rangbah Shnongs not to cooperate with the police as said by the Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah who wants to help the police in the IED blast, if any of them, The party understands what it should do.
Welcome speech was delivered by Tbn.C Diengdoh, opening prayer by Tbn.
Speaking on the occasion, the father of Balajied Dkhar, Bah ES Ejar said that the main reason why the children of the state have fought against the government is because the government as a mother, when its children commit crimes it should actually fight to change them because that is the way it is and not just shoot them.
The BSF has seized trucks not only from Bangladesh but also from Bangladesh on suspicion of smuggling goods back to Bangladesh.
“According to the Joint Director of the department, he has explained that this is a disease that cannot be transmitted to animals. they will stop bringing in the cows for now because this may not have an impact".
Teachers are the shapers of the future of the students and as teachers they should be hardworking and wholehearted.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Ioanis Narleng, Rangbah Shnong of Baridua, said that the village itself is against the installation of the KHADC Toll Gate. The Dorbar Shnong should have been informed, as the area where these tax collection points have been set up is still within the boundary of Baridua Village.
Then the Raij children brought the 'Khnong Blai' to Poh Sawiar Square so that the Dolloi could give the Khnong Blai pyrnah to Kñi Nikhla to complete the ritual with a thanksgiving and a suit of choir. '.
In the first leg of the tournament, Langsning beat Shillong Lajong FC 1-0 in a close match until the end of the 90 minutes.
Angela Rangad said the purpose of the public hearing was to address the issue of muster rolls, and the dismissal of jobs because according to the documents, there were many what are the irregularities in the working of this department.
The next step was very important and memorable in my life, because it was at this step that I decided not to write a team ever again.
Shiromani Akali Dal leader Sukhbir Singh Badal has faced a lot of difficulties due to the blockade by the farmers to contest the elections.
Also present on the occasion were Rangbah Shnongs from all over Mawphlang Hima and other villages, government officials from PHE and other departments, students from 36 schools from all over Mawphlang Hima and as well as from other villages.
The Government will now have to consider the problem of the booksellers as the decision of the Government is urgent.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the party, congratulated them to work hard with the party in order to bring and ensure development to the people if the UDP party itself. will be able to retain him in office after the election.
However, Ardent said that if the HSPDP comes to power, it will implement the ILP. “If it comes to power, it will implement the original ILP,” said the Vice President. It may be recalled that during the ILP protest, the HSPDP was one of the ethnic parties which was very eager to go around the country to explain to the people the need for the ILP. Ardent Basaiawmoit and Adilbert Nongrum were the leaders who went around the country to demand ILP. places to sensitize the public on the issue.
Everyone was allowed to do whatever he wanted.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma today refused to step down as taking moral responsibility for the collapse of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday morning.
In the SUV race, Larry Mukhim came first while Ralph Nongpyiur and Aneesh Sangma came second and third respectively.
“We don't want to sell or auction the rights of agriculture.
(meaning until the end of the world), God says to the Gentiles – “You (Gentiles) were once disobedient to God, but now you have received mercy through your disobedience. to Israel
He landed at Dimapur airport and from there flew by helicopter to Diphu and addressed a public meeting.
Fredrick Kharmawphlang, a former Vice President of the KSU Central Body, joined the HNLC in 2014 during the war. Rupang has tried to talk to the father of the youth, but the relatives of the youth have not yet said a word about the return of the youth.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : The Minister of PHE, Marcuise N Marak on Tuesday said that the Bulk Water Supply Scheme approved by the Central Government under the North East Infrastructure Development Scheme (NESIDS) will help to improve the quality of water supply in the country. fight against water shortage in Tura.
The ASHAs announced the strike at a press conference at the Shillong Press Club on the 14th of this month and said that the decision was taken on the 13th at the Joint Meeting. The JAC-AFAW, under the leadership of the President of Haphilin Pyrtuh.
The union said that the government should immediately stop this issue and should bring forward a clear issue in consultation with various political parties.
The CSWO said that the trees were transported by heavy vehicles which were driving through the village road where the roads were covered with snow due to the movement of vehicles. stand up Children.
The Chairperson of the Expert Committee on Roster System, Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Roster Committee, which is conducting the discussion on the State Reservation Policy (SRP), has started discussions on the State Reservation Policy (SRP). However, no political party has come forward with clear explanations or documents to show the need for changes in the SRP. At the end of the meeting, Kong Ampareen said that the task of the committee is to take and turn over the recommendations of the committee to the government and to suggest that more experts are needed. committee' to discuss this issue.
To conclude the election campaign, Bah Samlin will hold a rally at the newly opened football ground in Mawtap in the presence of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Symbud Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, NPP MLAs including PDF MLAs who have recently joined the NPP. Meanwhile, UDP candidate Bah Synshar Lyngdoh will hold a public meeting at the ground floor of Bah HDR Lyngdoh's house in Mawtap in the presence of UDP MLAs. and sponsors.
Shillong: The students of Sohra Government College Students Union (STU) today met with the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to urge the government to introduce new jobs for the subjects of Mathematics, Statistics and Geography. in this college in addition to providing buses.
The MPLU also demanded that the government should translate the statements into Khasi, Jaintia and Garo languages ​​in order to make it clearer to the people.
Bah Lyngdoh said he was delighted and said that along with 700 residents of Jair, about 1200 residents of Lamalong and other villages like Sonidon, Mawbri Makaleng, Pamphlang, Umkra, and others will benefit from this high-speed internet which will connect them with other parts of the country and pave the way for holistic economic development.
Ma Thombor said that the Executive Committee led by him has not held hands and from time to time they have talked to the government on the release of the council share, but due to the lockdown to fight COVID-1 Meeting with CM Conrad K Sangma
She said that this initiative has been a blessing to many patients who have expressed their gratitude to the sub center for setting up this teleconsultation.
When Myrsiang came to visit and asked the Lion only from outside the cremation, the Lion said, “Why do you ask only from outside when everyone has entered”.
The failure to host the Asia Cup once a year, the first match or even around the IPL in Saudi Arabia has now shown that they are in the process of hosting the they.
Remember that Christ Himself took away your sins and from the time before He was crucified He released a terrible murderer Barabbas (Luke 23:18). the gospel will renew you if you turn to Jesus with all your heart.
He is very different from the past.
He will not dare to leave his home to work with the Congress.
“We understand the plight of the students who are preparing for their examinations and we are sorry for the inconvenience to the public.
It has reached the point where we have to leave our own state to work for companies in Dkhar.
Vitamin C and Zinc :— Although there are many who still oppose the protection against headaches through Vitamin C and Zinc, some studies have shown and confirmed that getting Vitamin C through foods can help especially those people who are too strong in mind, who are physically and mentally ill.
The speed of speech depends on the temperature or amount of water.
SP (Crime) Vivek Syiem said the arrested was identified as Sunil Sunar alias Kale Buro, 23, of Paltan Bazar, Garikhana.
Meanwhile, she spent 100,000 yuan (Rs.11,61,590) to buy the game for 10 other schoolmates.
Following his conviction, Rahul Gandhi lost his right to be a member of the Lok Sabha, prompting opposition parties to criticize the government.
If you receive imported packages, they should not be opened within 72 hours.
Under this Act, the Langdohs are the only ones who are responsible for the religious rituals.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 1: The excessive deterioration of the Nongstoiñ-Maweit road has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers from time to time. until you reach Maweit.
Nongpoh: U Bah Klai Mukhim (60), an elderly man from Pahamrinai village, Ri Bhoi District, has gone missing since the 9th of this month. these days.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Speaking to media, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh Chairman of the Sajer Committee said that the Committee together with the 6 Raids have decided to cancel this year's Shad Sajer festival which was scheduled to be held on the 23rd of this year. Six Raids have expressed their opposition to the decision of the District Council to re-appoint Bah Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai as Sordar in place of Bah Pillarstone Syiem Nongshai.
It is through the opportunity to hold such tournaments that AMKA has been able to select talented players to represent the state in the biggest tournaments of the world.
He said that regarding all the documents to inform or file this case with the Supreme Court against the ban on the challan of kha-ïï mawshun which is in accordance with the order of the Meghalaya High Court. The committee has already approved and signed the agreement with the Chairman of the Committee, Bah Jropsingh Nongkhlaw and other members of the Committee.
We do not accept Kazi's statement but it is a foregleam of what will happen later.
Nongstoiñ: The MDC election is near, said the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) at a meeting of the party held today to honor the workers and founders of the party in Nongstoiñ. Those who have been involved since the beginning of its establishment in 1997 and also paid special tribute to those who have passed away.
Speaking at the rally, Gandhi said his party will not allow the destruction of the livelihoods of the indigenous people in the state and said the Congress will give Arunachal Pradesh, in the capacity of a separate State, should it ever come to power in Delhi.
On the same day, the District Administration (Election Branch) has announced Wankupar Lyngdoh Marshillong, (one of the youths with disabilities) as the 'Youth Icon' of the MP election
The society, which receives about Rs 18 crore annually from Lafarge Umiam Mining Limited, has been appointed as the head of the company. said Mr. Donald Mawa, President.
The Jowai Elaka Dorbar was attended by Village Leaders and Members of the Elaka from more than 82 villages in the Elaka.
The four parties also demanded that during this special session, the Meghalaya government should issue a resolution demanding that the Indian government should not grant ILP in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah Mayral Born Syiem and Bah C Lyngdoh MLA Umsning said that besides the treatment through doctors in hospitals, traditional medicine is unique in which the doctors have special knowledge and skills to treat Although many of the people have started to go to doctors in hospitals, it is important to save this kind of treatment because it has a role to play in the treatment of patients. They should not be afraid to treat the most serious diseases but to treat according to their ability and especially to accompany the hospital authorities for the purpose of conducting tests to determine the diseases. will provide adequate services to the people to treat and cure various diseases through traditional medicine.
The special meeting will be held at Chumouk Edima Police Complex in Dimapur, Nagaland.
Climate change is one of the factors that we need to understand that affects the production of agricultural products due to the increase in temperature where plants are affected by growth.
The prizes were awarded by Bisonroy Iano, President Laskeiñ Block Area Sports Association in the presence of DSO K. Passah, Head Master Laskeiñ Govt.
Lyntijingkyrmen Kharjahrin came first in the women's category in 21:40:16. Claire Jones Jala Kharbhih came second in the women's category. 22:42:24) and Balarisha Thyrniang who came third (3:45:55).
Harystar Langstieh scored three goals for Them Rangshken ACC in the 23rd and 42nd minutes while Banshanskhem Marbaniang scored one goal in the 27th minute.
The CAG also found that the DHS (MI) office has not been able to provide the documents requested by the districts or the documents that the approved suppliers have shown that they do not These medicines cannot be delivered.
We also warn anyone before writing anything about Nongmensong Village to investigate thoroughly to find out the truth and publish news so as not to cause confusion to the people,” said the statement. Warjri, President and Secretary.
The employees of the council have been appointed and appointed as household members or private individuals to deceive politicians or officers.
What can we say," he said.
Speaking to some of the youths, they said that the government's actions have turned away from the Khasi Hills.
He was taken to the COVID OT for proper treatment and was also treated for his pneumonia.
In the Denim Jeans Model Tall category, Rohit Barua won the Overall Championship in Denim Jeans Model.
Don't hold their beards back according to your will and direction.
Such people who belong to the dohkhla clan take part in the riti shad rongkhli of the War Nongtalang, but they refuse to eat dohkhla from the members of the Dkhai after the sacrifice in the eastern parts of the country. evening according to custom.
Lavasa, who made headlines during the last MP elections, said he disagreed with about 11 decisions of the Election Commission, which were appealed against Modi and Shah. that they violated the election rules in the last Lok Sabha elections.
In West Jaintia Hills district, the fine collected from the offenders was T.28,520 and in West Khasi Hills district, T.5550 was collected. to raise awareness among the community and stressed that with the participation and responsibility of all the residents, tobacco will be eradicated in Meghalaya.
Therefore, on the above grounds, the KSU said that it cannot just listen to these incidents and continue to mislead the people in the area, because all the development works of the state government have been done. stop everything.
She also urged her son not to get involved in the tricks of any of the employees because his fellow employees might tell such and such things and it would upset Bah Bok.
She said that the development of the constituency led by Bah Lapang 30 years ago who was also the Chief Minister of the state has not grown much.
From what appears these days, it seems that the fight against the coronavirus is not quick, but for this year, it seems that it will be the year of shortage. fight corona.
The KSU Wapung and Ladrymbai Unit on 20th November, has been monitoring and continues to demand that the government should repair as soon as possible the Ladrymbai Bypass road which has been destroyed in the past years and until now.
Jamie Scott then filed a lawsuit in the UK claiming that he suffered brain damage following the injection procedure in June 2021.
“There are rules that have to be followed by the government and it is now working on this,” he said.
The union also said that the relatives of the victims of Wapungskur have been fighting for justice but to no avail. Where is the Human Rights Commission? How can the NHRC call itself a human rights activist if they are not concerned about this human rights violation? The statement said that this question arises not only in Hynniewtrep but also in Manipur, Assam, Nagaland, Kashmir and other states under the rule of the military.
Police have arrested these two persons, who are also members of the Sengbhalang, at 1 pm on charges of throwing stones during the night curfew.
Let us also be good users of the talents that God has given us.
Earlier, after appearing in the media on various incidents in the Hima Mawsynram involving the Seng Khasi, the Seng Khasi (Kmie) has convened a meeting of the branches and leaders of the Seng Khasi. within the boundary of the Hima Mawsynram to get clarification on these issues.
“We have decided to hold a public meeting and we will also take a decision at that meeting on the upcoming protests,” said KSU Nongtrai Unit General Secretary Truelywell Lyngdoh.
Jowai, Nailur 24: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) today met with the BSF troops patrolling in Amlarem. to the crowd.
If there is a road between the NPP, Congress and UDP, it will avoid many costs, unemployment and difficulties.
This issue has been going on for a long time and from one government to another there have been attempts to relocate the residents of Them Ïew Mawlong to government houses.
He said that when we look at this era, many times we see that even in government offices they are busy playing ludu on their mobile phones.
This shows that perhaps the MLA of South Shillong wants to gain political advantage, especially as the constituency of South Shillong has a lot of rithor.
4-Mowkaiaw United won the toss and elected to bat first.
The bill will now not come into force as it has only received the approval of the Lok Sabha, while it has not received the approval of the Rajya Sabha.
The villages most affected by the cyclone in Ri Bhoi include Nongdewsaw Village in Umsning C&RD Block and Umpyrdong Village in Umling C&RD Block. .
They said that even the PMAY or IAY schemes for the poor in the state have been given only to people who have connections with politicians or MLAs/MDCs and there are many other issues. the farmers said in the letter to the Governor.
“Before taking a decision, we have based the party's vote share in the 2009, 2014 and 2019 Lok Sabha elections in Shillong and Tura constituencies which it contested only in
The DC together with the MeECL officers promised to these Sengbhalang leaders that they will not cut off the electricity supply to the people as usual in the past three months and that they have provided all the machines and equipment to provide electricity. boarding.
He asked, 'Bhai Kitne Church?'
Since 1950, most of these parishes have been under the administration of Marbisu led by a missionary from Malta known as Father Carmelo Attard, SDB. There were also Catholics, who were under the jurisdiction of Lumtyngkong Parish Laitumkhrah under the jurisdiction of the German Missionaries of the Salvatorian Church followed by the Missionaries of the Salesian Church of Italy.
The Sirdar said that since ancient times, Saitsohpen Elaka has been one of the Hima/Elaka under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that the government has taken great steps to develop the livestock industry in the state to provide livelihood to the rural people through the Livestock Mission scheme implemented by the Veterinary Department and the Livestock Mission. Integrated Basin Development and the Livelihood Promotion Program (IBDLP).
“Criticizing the state government and the national government for not being able to curb the violence in Manipur, Bah Samuel said, “Both the governments, the state government and the government The government of India has failed to implement the President's Rule despite the fact that Manipur has about 50,000 security forces. stop the confusion if they really want to stop this.
In the third division, Pynthorsale SC and Rymbai Madanpynriang have qualified for the quarterfinals.
The HYC has expressed its concern over the dumping of waste into these two rivers and urged the DC to take action to stop the pollution of the rivers.
The District Council Government last month, discussed the issue of UCC in the House, especially as the tragic incidents in Manipur have spread all over, including Shillong and other parts of the state.
A colonel, a major and two soldiers were killed, along with a sub-inspector of J&K police, in clashes with militants in parts of North Kashmir this morning.
Shillong, March 15: The KSU Umwai Unit under the leadership of the President and Secretary of the KSU Umwai on Tuesday said that the KSU Umwai Unit expresses its deep sorrow over the census of Sirdar Mawlong Sidarship to the people of Umwai. .
“What is more surprising and shocking is that the Assam police have entered the area where there is no conflict and the action of the Assam government has made the leaders suspicious that the areas where there is no conflict are Let's talk about the areas where there is a dispute between the two states.
However, in order to prevent the spread of the disease, these villages will have to follow bio-containment, bio-security and other precautionary measures.
The categories are for men, Below 55 kgs under Feather Weight, Below 65 kgs under Light Weight Below, 75 kgs under Mid Weight Above, 75 kgs under Heavy. Weight.
Leaves infected with this insect have bsein-like creams under the epidermis and gradually these leaves crack and fall off, and then fall off.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Border Area Development Department Meghalaya, has provided annual food allowance to children living on the border at a cost of about T.50 lakh per annum.
Therefore, as an organization, we cannot accept the invitation we receive through the media without any agreement," he said.
The participation of the country's player once again in the tournament has not been easy, especially in such a World Cup in his country, but the shooter who is the last player of the country Once again, he has played well in the tournament to win the medal.
I would like to thank him for those memorable days when we were together in times of trouble and for giving me the most precious gift in my life. , daughter, Geneva.
“We as voters of India, I don't consider myself a citizen of India until I get my right to employment, land and property. and in any part of it I dare to speak of it I have read the Constitution of India.
He said that in the presence of the elders and youth of both the ethnic groups and police officers, it was promised to take joint action to strengthen the closeness and relations between the people and the state of Manipur.
The CEM of KHADC said that all the Syiems should be part of the newly formed group of KHADC and should no longer recognize Bah John F Kharshing as the Grand Council of Chief (GCC). Shylla said that John is alone in the group which calls himself the Grand Council of Chief and Shylla said that John is an illegal organization which he created for his own benefit. neither in the world nor in others.
The party feels that the demands should be addressed by the Prime Minister and not by other government officers who cannot take a decision.
“At this time when the state has turned 50 years old, will the voting turnout change, especially with the emergence of these new parties? Therefore, we must work together to form a government and this will continue”.
The incident occurred only 10 days after the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills issued a directive to all government offices to be vigilant and take care of their vehicles. install them in safe places.
According to the 2019 census, there are 2.5 lakh drug users in Meghalaya, including those who use injection drugs and those who use drugs. to medicine.
The people judge and know that the MLAs don't have anything of their own and the scheme they provide belongs to the people.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawkhar Circle under the leadership of Samla Robert Dkhar, Asst. Organizing and Samla Newton, Finance Secretary, together with several members of the KSU Mawkhar Circle and together with other units, They have been able to suddenly raid the illegal foreigners who are selling land even at this time when the government is strictly enforcing the curfew in East Khasi Hills District and across the state.
Though not specifically defined in the Constitution of India, Schedule Tribes have the following characteristics (i) they are an old ethnic group and have survived since ancient times (ii) they have their own (iii) they live in remote areas and live alone in their own world (iv) they refuse to interact with others and (v) they are backward .
The last days are the days of trouble and distress for mankind.
There is no need to interpret the Lat's statement.
However, I would like to urge the government to set aside time for the investigation team to complete the investigation so that the report can be submitted soon to start the rebuilding of the dorbar hall. a reality to be completed within this year.
Praveen Davar, Member of the National Commission for Minorities, Government of India who was also the Chief Guest and donated several books to the library.
Short speeches were delivered by Dr FV Kharshiing, DHS, MCH & FW and Dr S Lyngdoh, DMHO, East Khasi Hills District on the topic “A Happy Mouth is a Happy Body”.
It should not fight politics for the language spoken by the people of India.
“Ka Seng is also surprised that the people of this coke factory have offered us a monthly salary if we go ahead.
However, the vote of these leaders will depend on the 34,783 voters of the Sohiong Assembly Constituency.
Shillong, Nailur 12 : The BJP candidate from Shella constituency, Kong Arena Hynniewta today announced that she will leave the BJP and join the National People's Party (NPP).
His sorrow is why the Father still receives him who has strayed; and the second thing he regrets is why his brother is still alive.
He said that the team conducted a raid last night on a tip-off about these drug traffickers and arrested two snar from Nongshiliang, which is under Rynjah Police Station.
He said that if anyone is found not to accept the 10 tyngka coin, they will be punished under Section 188 IPC. He said that under Section 6(1) of the Indian Coinage Act They shall not be accepted and if they do not, they shall be punished according to the rules of law.
He said that BSNL has confirmed that it will resolve these shortcomings by July next year.
The JYF wishes Brightstar Chyrmang, MDC to the JHADC Legislative Assembly, a healthy body, knowledge and experience so that he can serve better. the constituency, the country and the nation as a whole.
The government has requested Rs 850 crore from banks to pay the salaries of its employees for the month of July. About T.2,500 crore is needed, but the problem is that this money, for the support of BSNL, will not come easily, as it has already received T.13,000 crore.
We need the cooperation of the community to eradicate these crimes,” said Bah Syiem.
Jowai, Naiwieng 4: The Jaintia Tribal Traders Association (JTTA) has met with the Executive Engineer PWD Building to seek his opinion on the construction of the Iawmusiang Shopping Complex. The construction of the Iawmusiang Shopping Complex has been suspended.
It is impossible and unacceptable to shout “live and die for the country” while at the same time we are still enjoying ourselves in the countryside.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Saturday said that the investigation into the shooting death of Bah Roning Nongkynrih by the Border Security Force on the road between Pomshutia and Mawshun villages has been conducted. , Pynursla which happened on Thursday at about 11 pm.
Therefore, action needs to be taken and thoroughly investigated in order to address those problems.
He said that even shortly before his death, although he was old, he said that he was still saying that he would inspect all the borders by walking. “His time is not allowed but his soul is yearning,” said Bah Mawsor.
AL Bareh, EAC, South West Khasi Hills District in his speech as the chief guest congratulated the District School Education Officer (DSEO) for taking the initiative to organize the event. He urged the 9 schools who have come forward to participate in the seminar not to hide their talents but to showcase them to the world so that the future will be better. theirs shall be bright.
(Luke 2:11) It is difficult to determine the exact date of Christmas.
The Mission has been trying to implement fully since last years, by conducting various programs in various places, to raise awareness among the people that they should follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
God says – THIS IS MY COVENANT WITH ISRAEL WHEN I WILL TAKE AWAY OF THEIR SINS.Romans 11:26-2
The Oxford English Dictionary has recently included the Hindi words 'Arre Yaar', 'dhaba' and 'Bhelpuri' as the world's words (Times of India, June 26, 2015).
The meeting also demanded to upgrade the health Sub-Centre to a PHC and to provide mobile towers to these villages.
In a statement, GNLA Joint Publicity Secretary Mandei Marak said, “We will attack the police if they do not stop the violence.
The Adhoc School Teachers' flag raising ceremony on 21st July 2022 is part of the protest against the 50th Anniversary of the state which falls on the same day.
The village authorities have urged the residents not to throw umbiah without finding it.
The award ceremony was conducted by Leonard Dhar.
It is to be recalled that the Ri Bhoi Police recently seized more than 4,000 kilograms of Ganja at Lad Umsaw in Ri Bhoi District. the smuggling of alcoholic beverages.
At 10:00 pm, a hospital collapsed in WJHD area and in this incident, several people were injured and some died.
How are the blind and the deaf who cannot see to other nations, how are they in human beings? How are they in dignity and how do they have such knowledge? Just to fulfill the duties as written in the Bible, they don't even have to write the blood.
The bill will increase to 6 Tyngka instead of 4 Tyngka.
Take safer routes and walk slowly in the middle of the road to avoid injury.
He said that as a leader he has struggled to provide benefit schemes to the people and in less than 2 years, he has been able to provide tin sop peng to more than 1100 poor households in the country. Mawhati and many others who will receive them later.
The shooting reportedly began at about 12:30 pm at a parking lot in Willowbrook, about 21 miles west of Chicago.
When this reporter went to the house of Strongwell Khongtani to inquire about the incident, Strongwell said that the incident happened while all six members of the family were sleeping. when a strong wind blew the roofs off the living room and bedroom.
The total number of cases has now risen to 2,360 and the death toll to 1,4
Marcuise said the re-election of the NPP shows that the NPP has worked well for the people and in this second election, the State Government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma has started working well. through many decisions of the Cabinet for the benefit of the people and the State.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has decided to file a defamation case against Defense Minister Amit Shah.
Regarding the election of the Waheh Shnong of Jaraiñ, “This too is in accordance with the rules of the District Council as the term of office of the Waheh Shnong of Jaraiñ has expired,” said the Dolloi Pyrtuh.
The President of the union, Michael Syiem, said that 80 thah will be thrown into the Crinoline reservoir.
It is to be recalled that yesterday, several children from Ksehkohlong village found 3 boxes full of used injection needles which were found scattered along the road. you are the village.
“Until now we have not received any word from the Government of India to extend the term of office of the District Council,” he said.
Shillong, November 5: The Refugee Rehabilitation Colony (RR Colony) is one of the Dkhar villages that were brought from Bangladesh in the Rynjah area.
In the morning he told his beloved wife about the conversation with Lydia.
The reason why they left their parties and joined the BJP is because they have lost confidence in the leaders of their former parties despite the fact that the leaders are not competent and lack of vision. far on the development of development projects in the state.
This lack of original marksheets/certificates as well as the lack of availability has also happened to many teachers who have gone for D.El training.
“A government that acts by force should not be allowed, it is the people who built the government and they have the right to overthrow it,” said the KHNAM MDC. Inner Line Permit in the state to prevent the entry of mynder into the state.
Perhaps this power shortage has its own reasons.
Ways to increase good cholesterol and foods that can help lower cholesterol.
He added that as the village leader, he urged the women to make proper use of the training opportunities held on this day and he hopes that as the women, they will continue to do so. women who are brave and able to work for the welfare of the society, he added.
While the road, according to the district authorities, is still in use, most of the road in Jengitchakgre village has collapsed, on one side causing problems to the passengers.
The Bishop, while distributing the Word of God, said, “Your body is the temple of God. As Samuel heard and decided to listen to God's call, obedience to one's parents is also obedience and pleasing to God.
Therefore, 12 households near the Lower Mawpud Presbyterian Church have had to ask for help from the church leaders to allow them to draw water from the toilet so that they can drink and use it at home. those who do not have water have to fetch water from the streams which they have to walk on foot.
At the same time, he urged the students to follow the example of setting their own goals as the goal runners now have their own goals.
If you don't have one, you can use it on-line, which is available to the poor.
Shillong: Despite the rapid increase in the number of cases of COVID-19, it has affected the society around the world as well as India and Meghalaya in terms of health. health and income have declined steadily.
Therefore, he urged the supporters of the NPP and other political parties not to attend the meetings of other parties so as not to disrupt.
Shillong: Every day the country has to receive many souls of people who have passed away due to the outbreak of Covid 19 which has spread across the country. Meghalaya has also had to face the same.
Police have been informed of the incident and they have rushed to the scene and the arrival of the police has been a protection for them.
Those who wish to view this electoral roll and the amendments should visit the office of the Electoral Registration Officer 7 – Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency, during office hours.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 30: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Hynniewtrep Hills District, on Tuesday held a meeting in Mawthadraishan area to explain to the people on the VAB. in accordance with the MUDA Building Bylaw.
Superintendent of Police Vivekanand Singh, IPS, said that during the raids, the police and ANTF arrested eight persons with 45 grams of heroin.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Mylliem Hima Authority, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (MSPCB) and the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) have taken a strong step to make the market clean and reputable.
Moore Don was named Player of the Match.
It is this that Jesus reminds us by saying – “When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing in the holy place, .
In all these things we should not be surprised, for these things happened that we should not be surprised, because these things happened so that the word of God might be fulfilled, before the time of the great tribulation, the time when the beast would rule. this world, 3 and a half years.
The KSU also urged the district authorities of West Jaintia Hills District to take action to address the issue of Home Guards who are the people who come forward to work for the prevention of COVID-1
He said that in the past he was thinking of listening to her because in his old age he didn't want to say anything that would cause him to be sad. I am not afraid of anyone, I am the leader elected by the people,” said Mansturdy Nongrem.
Shillong, Naiwieng: The Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Mawkhar, Shillong has announced that the religious ceremony at Iewduh, Raid Mylliem, Myllien Hima will be held on the 21st of this month, Rynghep Market Day. The event will start at 9 pm from Basa Diengkain (Market Head) until the end of the work at Basa Kwai.
“We have started implementation and there will be discussions before we decide.
We found (during the inspection) that it is only a repaired road and has been paved with stone.
You can't drink too much until your liver is damaged.
It can increase the acid content and cause impairment in the digestion of food.
After the incident, the contractor, just to entertain and impress the visitors, Sordar Shnongs and Sengbhalang, started cleaning and painting only about three to four inches from the outside, not all the way. In some parts of the road, the road is too small, but all along the road is covered with uncleaned soil.
They have not received their salaries for four months.
At the same time, the Congress has urged the District Administration in Ri Bhoi District to restrict the entry of foreigners and those who have passed through the Screening Center at 13 Mer, as there are many people. Foreigners who have entered the state without passing through the Screening Center have been witnessed by the Sengbhalang, said Bah Mayrald Born. King.
Assam Health Minister Pijush Hazarika said the order will come into force after the presence of formalin in fish tested on July 29,
The race will start from the ground floor of the office of the Deputy Commissioner Eastern West Khasi Hills District and all participants should arrive at 6.00 pm.
The HYC on 23rd October visited to encourage him and other legislators who have tried to bring something for the good of the society.
Ms Isawada held meetings with the EROs and Assistant Election Registration Officers (AEROs) of four Assembly Constituencies including 1-Nartiang, 2-Jowai, 3-Raliang and 4-4 Mowkaiaw and 7-Amlarem Assembly Constituencies at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai.
Police have arrested the suspect and taken him to court for further investigation.
They said that this march today is only the beginning that the government should take action to ensure that the people living on the border should have peace especially to resolve the border immediately. u sam, and if the government remains silent, the party has prepared strong protests in Shillong, they added.
To commemorate the event, the Chief Guest also launched the Farmer Innovation Expo-2
The Board will convene another meeting to consider the suggestions from various departments so that they can know how to proceed with the work.
The KSU-JHDU has found out about this and has met with the Manager of the bank with a letter demanding that he should resolve this within six months otherwise the KSU-JHDU will have to take another route. law.
The Chief Secretary also suggested to look into the railway line on the border of Meghalaya and Bangladesh from South West Garo Hills to Jaintia Hills and then the entry of the railway line from Meghalaya. The General Manager of NF Railway, told the Chief Secretary, that the railway department is trying to reach the state by running to seven specific ways to open up traffic to the State.
According to the news we receive from day to day, this disease affects the younger children and the elderly over 60 years of age. to take good care of these two kinds of people.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 03: The KSU Umsning and HNYF North Region have urged the people of Umsning to hold a public meeting against the Agrovet Private Ltd (MDC) and the two persons including Umsning MDC Bah Don. Sumer and Mawhati MDC James Sylliang to explain on the 7th of November at 11 am at Umsning Legislative Assembly.
He said the state government is struggling to find ways and means to resolve these issues and it will be a decision that the residents of both the states will accept.
There are three new cases in Kerala and all three are from England.
Only 50 forms will be issued per day in each grade.
The strike is due to the government's silence on the increase in petrol and diesel prices, the government's refusal to increase fares and the non-forgiveness of taxes during the pandemic. Covid-19.
However, it is clear that the State will have a coalition government, but it is not known which party will lead.
The Autonomous District Council has been in operation since 1952 without any borders or divisions. The CEMs of the District Council have come and gone since
Baptiste Robert, a cyber expert, has demonstrated how to view the Aadhar number of an Indian within a minute.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the Union of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH), Bah RL Blah, recalled the incident a few years ago when the people together with the village leaders had to leave in their thousands due to the sloit. the authority of the Rangbah Shnong.
Djokovic has reached the tournament in all 16 of his previous matches in the tournament and has once again achieved the same goal with the ability to Holger Rune will face Holger Rune again in a match that will also be their training session for the French Open.
Applicants must be individual volunteers in SHGs and Cooperative Societies.
On the occasion of the 45th Anniversary of the Khasi Students' Union I bring you short stories about student groups that have emerged since the 19th century.
These four Deacons were ordained Lyngdoh Sohblei by the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh at a ceremony held at Laitumkhrah Cathedral, Shillong in the presence of the leaders of the Assembly. Salesian, Diocesan Society and Salvatorian Society.
In 2015, the festival was held from 3rd to 5th November and featured performances by Chaka Khan, Rag N' Bone Man, Omar and Neneh Cherry.
Two hours after the funeral of UNHCR chief Michelle Bachileete, she passed away.
vi) We must refrain from the widespread slaughter of wildlife, birds and meat such as illegal shooting and hunting which destroys the species of wildlife and birds that sing beautifully and pleasantly in this Mother Nature.
They also said that the small market during the Puja is even greater than the small market on Sunday and other religious days such as the celebration of Muslims.
Shillong, Nailur 6: Two brothers have lost their lives after contracting a serious illness in Lamalong village, Ri Bhoi District.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has sought clarification from MeECL on the failure to conduct a personal interview for the post of Assistant Engineer (Electrical/Mechanical) even after four years. .
The greatest strength in man is compassion and faith in peace with others and in the things above.
“Until now, Meghalaya has only the North Eastern Hills University which is under the supervision of the Central Government and sometimes there are riots inside the university because of the lack of keys. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh.
Earlier, Pynshngaiñ said that he had already spoken to the Governor that before announcing the mid-term elections in KHADC, he should consult with the district council authorities. He said that the District Council is currently in short supply of funds and during the elections it is the District Council that will know the expenditure.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Ladrymbai Unit has distributed foodgrains to hundreds of families in Ladrymbai.
Earlier, the chairman of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) Dr Werlok Kharshiing also strongly criticized the government for banning government employees from holding village posts in clubs and groups.
He said the aim is to make the State University operational by
Pearly Dew will play against Seng Khasi College followed by Christian Academy against Mawlai Presbyterian HSS. The semifinal will be played today. on the 19th at Weiking Square.
Yes, although the health facilities in the rural areas may be less in number of patients, but when we look at the facts, this is because the health facilities in the rural areas are not enough. There are no staff but the health facilities are scarce and inadequate.
The Government of India through the Ministry of Education has also encouraged these teachers by presenting the Synod with a cash prize of T.50,000 and a medal.
When asked, he said that the department has released 50 tourist vehicles which will carry only tourists – once this is resolved, the number of The vehicles coming from Assam will be destroyed.
This is the problem of the people.
As the use of drugs is increasing among the youth, the Police Department has conducted public awareness campaigns across schools and colleges across Meghalaya as well as in the villages. Drug users are no longer limited to urban areas but drugs have spread to the rural areas.
According to the notification, the allocation of posts in the state for Schedule Tribes/Scheduled Castes should be in accordance with the resolution of 12th July
It will also make it the third largest stadium with the most seats in the EPL after Manchester United and Tottenham.
The decision was taken at a meeting between Ranoj Pegu, Minister of Education, Assam and 26 leading members of the Indigenous Tribal Sahitya Sabha of Assam (ITSSA) at Janata Bhawan, Guwahati Assam.
As the name suggests, Meghalaya (The Aboth of Cloud) is a country or place covered with clouds. In fact, many friends, private individuals, Sengs and others have wanted to change this name because of the surprise that has filled them while others are still enjoying. However, the truth is that these friends who want to change the name are not because they hate the name of Meghalaya but because they hate the darkness of the people of Meghalaya.
These people or friends who used to mix drugs in food initially had to invest in themselves.
Additional Director General of Police (LO) IPS, YC Modi, MPS Lakador Syiem, Commandant 3rd Battalion Khliehtyrshi, SP West Khasi Hills Sylvestar Nongtnger. MPS who led the police department, at the same time read a brief history of Bah Eldrin L Nonglait.
In this age of knowledge, many people do not have time to believe, obey or fear God.
Once the information submitted by the farmers has been checked and verified by the states, this information is uploaded to the PM KISAN platform and this is sent to the PFMS for verification of financial information; to UIDAI to verify Aadhar; to the income tax server to check tax payments; and to NPCI to verify the linkage of Aadhaar and bank account.
This order will not apply to oil vehicles, gas vehicles, medicine trucks and Khaw trucks and others which have been approved by the law enforcement authorities.
J.Sumer, Executive Engineer, Jowai Revenue Division.
The menu features Baked Nacho Sour Cream & Guacamole, Pulled Smoked Pork Slider in Chilli Garlic Bun, Wok Tossed Chicken Buffalo Wings, Sarso Mahi Tikka, Rosemary Potato Wedges and Try Tacos, Charcoal Roasted Seabass to name a few.
He said that what is surprising is that until now these Kur Tymsen have not received the compensation for this land, but when they went to complain about this according to the documents. The Deputy Commissioner said that although the land is in the name of the Kur Tymsen, the DC Revenue Department has already paid the money since .
Such thinking happens from the village to the city, from the foolish to the wise.
, where the Indian and Bangladesh armies paraded with the flags of their countries.
The meeting was inaugurated by Bah Mayral MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Eric Dkhar BDO Umling C&RD Block, Rihen Klein Rangbah Shnong Tomonpo Anglong, and other elders of the village. and the whole area together with the mothers, fathers and youth of the village.
“We want the government to clarify what it has done after receiving the reports of the committees and should also expose the recommendations of these committees for the information of the public,” he said. said Mr. Marwein.
“This Shillong View Point is run by those who claim to be the President of the Raid and the Secretary of the Raid Laban (Dorbar).
“Until now, no one knows the future of CAU, Meghalaya,” said Sunn.
“The inability of the Circle Inspector to act in accordance with the law has delayed and changed the work,” the Commission said.
He said that this is the time for the Jaidbynriew to rebuild itself, otherwise if it continues to sell and buy voters, there will be no more intelligent people who have the right to vote. spirit to serve and play chess in the world.
Two girls, one 10 years old and one 5 years old, first saw the picture and immediately went to tell their parents. , about their vision of Jesus in heaven.
The truck carrying dewbilat, which was heading from Jagiraod, was on its way to Jagiraod, but when it reached the scene, the truck suddenly caught fire and caused a lot of damage. the truck.
Shillong, July 15: Samla Nunu Khongpdah of Ri-war College Pynursla has once again won the first position in the Honors Khasi examination. 2016 of NEHU. In 2014, the College has received a position on the Merit List.
Shillong, March 1 : Although the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has declared today as the Swachhata Hi Seva Day, the Swachhta Divas – EK Tarrekh Ek Ghanta However, it was observed that there was no strong support from the people of the state except in some places.
Trinamool Congress (TMC) Meghalaya Leader Dr Mukul Sangma has said that the people have made it clear that they want change to get clean governance and freedom from corruption.
She was exactly like that woman who did not build her own house, and thus her children were scattered in the absence of a shepherd.
He regards the Syiem Sad as the guardian of the Sad household and the Syiem as a kind of weapon from outside the Sad household.
Two teachers' unions in East Jaintia Hills District, the JHLPSTA, Khliehriat Unit and the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA), have decided to suspend the use of The Sub-Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO), EJH and District Mission Coordinator (DMC) have launched two apps regarding the registration of teachers during the they come to school.
Nongpoh: A group of unidentified robbers have robbed a workplace at the Weigh Bridge or government revenue collection gate in Umling and have entered the room. to extinguish the fire by pouring petrol into the room.
These places have become like the Red Light Zones or the gates of lyngkar, which used to be in other cities of India or France and every night all kinds of vehicles stop to Many of them are from the Khasi community and as commented by this man, it is really painful to see how much this community is small paid. ours really went down.
The company wants to ensure that this drug will be one of the drugs to be prescribed to patients.
“On our part, we have written to the government to take the necessary measures to provide assistance to the relatives of this policeman,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Shillong, July 8 : The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) will sign a partnership with the Universities of Mauritius to strengthen education not only in the country but also abroad.
But it’s the most important thing to understand.
In the classroom, 10/15 students are proficient and 90/80 students are average and below average students.
The village has also refused to accept her family to work under the NREGS scheme and other schemes such as ration, said the CSWO. Court today opened the court of the Judicial Magistrate 1st Class in Amlarem Sub Division.
Police under the leadership of the IC of Rani Border Outpost immediately rushed to the scene on receiving a tip about the presence of the group of Sal timber thieves. Not further into the forest, the group of robbers allegedly started firing at the police.
Although Rangdajied had a 10-0 lead, it lasted only 20 minutes as Ebanskhem Nongtdu turned the tide in the 31st minute to equalize.
On the other hand, Bah Tanbor Surong thanked Yess Meghalaya for supporting the club to organize this tournament and also to the MLA of the area Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh who was his right hand in organizing the tournament. provide for the competition requirements.
Initially, Sangma started the game with a bowling and took a wicket only in the first over and his total was 2/33 in 10 overs.
According to a statement sent by the president of CSWO, the inquiry report of SC Sadhu (IAS) SDO Dadengre was submitted to the DC on July 2014, it was said that the testimony of the 12 women was not taken directly from them but their statements submitted to the Court were included in the report.
The 'Bapli' whom we call isynei will destroy the youngest and weakest Khasi children.
This is a great blessing to the society especially during this time of crisis when the poor residents have to stay at home to break the chain of spread of coronavirus.
Shillong: The students of the North Eastern Hills University (NEHUSU) under the banner of NEHUSU have received encouragement from the Governor of Meghalaya, T Roy today. He promised to work with the authorities to reinstate the National Eligibility Test (NET) examination centers conducted by the University Grants Commission (UGC) in the state as well as the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research ( CSIR) NET in Shillong.
The program was inaugurated by Ramkumar SIAS, Mission Director, NHM Meghalaya.
In general, it can be called 'Witchcraft' or 'Vampirism' but it is far from the true meaning.
The competition was held at Divine Word Sec School Lumshnong and was attended by 6 schools from Narpuh area, including Umkiang Holy Cross High School, Narpuh Modern Sec. Christian Sec.School Lumshnong, Divine Word Sec.School Lumshnong, KJP Synod School Thangskai and Chiehruphi Sec.School.
The meeting was also attended by Bah FR Kharkongor, IAS, Commissioner & Secretary, Textiles, RK Singh, MD, NEHHDC, representatives of the manufacturers of these Ryndia clothes. Weaver Associations, Voluntary Organizations (VOs), officers from the department, village leaders and a team from Umden-Diwan known as Eri Silk Village and from other parts of Ri Bhoi District. Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah FR Kharkongor expressed the urgent need to implement technology in the field of handicrafts.
In Jaintia Hills, out of the nine constituencies, three Congress candidates including Deputy Chief Minister Dr. RC Laloo, Minister of Electricity Sniawbhalang Dhar and Raliang MLA Coming Ymbon have been elected. of the Assembly.
One of the suspects, Walsrnag N Areng of Chichra Apal, was arrested after the shooting.
In the men's category, East Khasi Hills beat South Garo Hills 13-1 in the U-21 category.
In connection with this incident, Kong I.Lynshing, has lodged an Ejahar against the owner of the Dhaba, for harassment against her and at the same time she has urged the police. They should take action to search and arrest the suspect, because since the time he touched her he has fled the scene.
He said that in the last six years that the government has not allowed the mining and transportation of coal, the people of the state have faced many problems, income has declined sharply, income has declined. government funds were empty, many young people who went to study abroad had to return home, because their parents could no longer support them.
He said that if the state government cannot resolve the border issue, it should do something to set up security measures and set up police outposts in the border areas so that He said that the state police should not only use force inside the city but should show their power to the border and if the government cannot do that, it should give up the post of Minister. the state does not allow him to show what part he has of that spirit and courage.
In this match, Ronaldo impressed the Manchester United players, and urged Ferguson to sign him immediately.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Laitkor Nongdaneng, Bah Arun Mawrie, has struggled to inform the authorities to improve the road, but until now nothing has been done. there is nothing.
The Central and State Governments have not yet started so who is wrong.
The protest was canceled after the Central Government released T.41.25 crore to Meghalaya for the payment of the Post Matric Scholarship 2022-2
Auto-rickshaws will stop at Mawdiang-Um, Saiden, Mawtnum and Marngar: On Service-road in front of Apex Bank.
He also urged the management of the hospital to improve the quality of services and to ensure that the staff should provide adequate services and that the staff should also know how to communicate with those who come. ai treatment.
The elders of that time, stood up to unite to protest against this plan of the Assam government, and to demand their own state because they could not accept the Assamese language to be forcibly introduced into the minds. The people of Khasi-Jaintia Hills at that time.
At present, 1,945 people are undergoing treatment and 1,097 have been discharged from hospitals.
Starting from himself, then from his home and later from his village, Bah Holei gained the trust of the people of the area, and when he started to reach the age of 16, patients from all over the area came to him. They began to come to him for treatment and went down to his house in Wahumlein.
This was announced by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley while presenting the Budget in the Lok Sabha today.
Reginald said that drugs are harmful not only to the user and seller, but to the society as a whole.
Speaking to reporters, the Sur of Mawlai Police Station said that after their meeting, the reply they received from the Mawlai Police Station is that they have already registered a case on the incident. The Investigation Officer, LS Khongwang, is conducting a collection of evidence and after receiving sufficient evidence, they will take a decision to punish him. The shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew has been arrested.
Jason Rose and said that this is his marriage certificate, which he put on the beak of a fish, on the 4th of June this year and this is after his marriage, which has been 40 years, did not. it didn't work and so he was released.
The lighting of fireworks in different colors throughout the village is part of the Christmas and New Year celebrations. At the same time, the Doarbar Shnong has also prepared various singers and musicians. witness that the people flocked to this village and entertained and rejoiced in the songs sung by various singers who performed at the Christmas Concert.
Shillong, Naitung 9: The arrival of government buses (STPS) in Sohra area has caused concern and strong opposition from the sumo and taxi vehicles.
This announcement will come into force in full, the statement said.
Meetings were also held in four Mandals under the jurisdiction of the Hehduh of Ri-Bhoi District, Bah Sen Thabah. President Bah Commanderful Sana and the faithful volunteers who work physically and spiritually.
With the increasing number of people suffering from chronic diseases in India, it is really necessary to have access to such platforms that can become an integral part of the healthcare system.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today met with the SDO and Engineer of MeECL, to urge them to take action on the increasing power outages in MeECL. many villages in Ri Bhoi, which has caused suffering and destruction to many people.
Shillong: The discussion on the KHADC Bill held by Channel T 7 at Savio Hall, Laitumkhrah today was very lively.
“We as children and as a family have lost her, because she used to be at home and she was the one who looked after her beloved mother, who cared for her, who took care of her. part of i.
In connection with the incident, police have lodged a complaint to investigate and find the vehicle that robbed these people.
If Virat scores 120 runs in the semi final against New Zealand, he will break Ponting's record of 1743 runs and become the second highest scorer in the World Cup.
Section 144 CrPC has been enforced to protect this road from deterioration.
In 1863, when Mile Singh was the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the Foreign Government wanted to get some land in Shillong and perhaps out of reluctance Mile Singh gave and signed the your Agreement.
However, in the end it was not useful, so this time the UDP will not refuse to go its own way.
The Dolloiship Election on the 15th of this month has conducted a verification of the documents of the candidates for the Dolloiship election in these two constituencies.
Furthermore, if those foreign vendors are not willing to register with the Council, it means that they do not have the necessary documents related to trading activities in our state which is the Trading licence.
Shillong, Lber 27 : U Bah Aldous Mawlong, who has been leading the Fashion Society Shillong (FSS) for 39 years, has been re-elected as its Chairman.
“We request the NEHU authorities to provide immediate clarification to resolve the issue of the students,” he said.
There have been 442 deaths from the coronavirus in India in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 22,7 India has the highest number of cases of the disease.
Prestone said the government has spent T.15,87,597.00 to fight against the ASF since October 2020 to date.
On the other hand, Bah Sumarlang Swer said that the Ri Bhoi District Boxing Association and the Nongpoh Boxing Club have taken the initiative to provide training to these youths before they participate in the Meghalaya Games. in Shillong and the management hopes that these youths who have been trained will be able to win the title which is an honor not only for Ri Bhoi but also for the state. hi all.
So what happens there may not happen here in Meghalaya.
Bank : means suppisa, suptyngka, suplumpisa, supbuhtyngka – sup is the thiar that stores and takes out the goods as needed, lum means to store and money is the goods.
However, it is surprising that the leaders of the Seng Khasi Mylliem have filed an FIR against the village leaders by filing an FIR with the police, said the statement.
-Pride, arrogance, pride, wisdom, strength, ignorance, selfishness ...people in these days means night and a new life when they repent means day.
Besides Meban, two other suspects are Sambun Dkhar from Mynsngat and Jimmy Kyndait from Moorap.
Now the people have spoken out to accuse the UDP, HSPDP, PDF of turning away the people because they have formed a government with the NPP this time.
Whether it stays or not, it will not affect the MDA 2.0 which will be led by the NPP. We should not be surprised if the UDP continues to stay. the NPP until the end of these five years.
“How confident is the party to win this MP election?” Dr. Chen said that as a political party, once it has come forward to contest the election, it has to move forward if the joints hurt.
Another threat to us as the people of the State from this decision of the Government is that as it appears now many of those who have contracted the disease do not have symptoms of this disease (asymptomatic) but until They have been tested positive for the disease.
The NIA bench, acting under Section 33(1) of the UA(P) Act, ordered the seizure of Watali's assets in Handwara area of ​​Kupwara district in Kashmir .
That night, Sharma was drunk and did not take many sleeping pills, as he did not have any sleep problems.
In the North East, Meghalaya has ranked first in terms of improving and providing school facilities and in other areas, Meghalaya has ranked fourth in you country.
Perhaps if the candidate is qualified and gives money, it is up to you to decide, perhaps you can support him but don't let money buy your value and rights.
He said that as a leader from the very beginning, together with the village leaders, they have been working together for this scheme and now they are happy that it has succeeded.
The Bishop of Jowai Diocese handed over the check to the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma at his office at the Secretariat.
He also praised the VO for its work and expressed his satisfaction especially when he saw that the women in this village have been brave even to lead public meetings.
Many Members of Parliament (MPs) also took part in the discussion.
He called Banrilang and asked her how the work had gone.
However, due to the death of the fish, the buyer of the river has complained that he has broken the money without being able to release even the owner who has already paid to the JHADC. “Tip I don't know what to do about this loss,” said Sutnga.
Former Mawhati MDC James Sylliang, MCPC Secretary Mathias Mynsong, UDP Vice President Ri Bhoi District Onda Lawai and others who joined the NPP on the occasion. their followers and supporters.
Perhaps what the Governor speaks in Hindi is exactly the same as what is written in English in those books distributed to the MLAs.
The three arrested persons were identified as Jholsh.
I don't need to go to Shillong.” Shanbor (Wanbok's father) replied, “You don't.
There are only 2 government colleges in Meghalaya.
There are also words that need to be examined and confirmed whether they are taken or given back such as right, sin, holy, peace, dorbar, kurat, khanshi and so on.
Shillong, July 18: The long-standing dream of Jatah Lakadong Village in Mawkynrew Constituency and 18 neighboring villages to get a sports ground with spectator seats, fences and others has come true. On 17th July, 2024, the MLA of the area, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh came to announce the construction of the project at a cost of 2 crore 65 lakh tyngka.
Today, this ritual is called the Khasi ritual and is also said to be the traditional religion of Hynniewtrep.
The random test was conducted by the office of the Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi, in collaboration with the health officials. They have decided to conduct this test after seeing that there has been an increase in the number of cases of COVID-19, not only in the district but also in the district. the whole state.
Khliehriat, Jr. 14: Tens of thousands of supporters of the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, today attended the election campaign rally held at Sohkymphor village. Former MLA Justine Dkhar also explained the allegation against Nehlang Lyngdoh that 40 years has been handed over to the intellectuals but the constituency is behind.
When asked, Bah Metbah said other issues including the candidates for the Lok Sabha elections will be discussed at the upcoming RDA meeting.
Constable.
Speakers on the occasion were Bitnam Nongsiej, President of HITO Mawranglang Zone, Lambokstar Marweiñ, President of HANM, Pynskhem Kharjahrin of HYC, Wallam Syiemiong of Union of Village Youth Organizations. , South West Khasi Hills District, Ailad Nongrem, Overlin Imiong of Ranikor, and Pynkhraw Kharjahrin.
Informing about the preparations for the strike, the president of the Association, Bah Johnson Pohrmen, said, “We will continue our strike for three days from 10 am to 4 pm. 40 pm after the end of the Dorbar Tlang, if we have not received our payments.
This is also a discrimination against the sons of the Bri u Hynniewtrep not to be allowed to take the jait father.
Many units of the UDP in Pynursla Circle have expressed their dissatisfaction with the decision of the UDP Central Body to protest against the Secretariat while the people have protested. They felt that the Seng Kmie has done wrong without holding on to the foundation as a national party and it shows that it has disrespected the supporters of the party.
On the first day God sent 16 skum 16 trep and He planted the fields on the hills and fields of Sohpetbneng.
Before the registration ceremony, Ranger Leader Thomas Jones Synod College, Rosy Bang, in the presence of Principal Dr.RR Kharkongor, Principal Dr.RR Kharkongor, Dr. I Dkhar, Vice-Principal Thomas Jones Synod College and members of the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts & Guides including W Lyngdoh, Jt.
Therefore, vaccination is an essential step in the fight against this disease, a preventive measure in which all citizens should understand and vaccinate themselves as soon as possible.
Shillong: KSU Sonapyrdi Unit under the leadership of Bah Daiapherbha Lamare, Secretary, N.Mynthoi, Chairman, Sonapyrdi Village, today held a meeting with the KSU Sonapyrdi Unit. Narpuh Circle and members of KSU Khliehriat Circle, have met with the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Jaintia Hills, regarding the BSF camp at Sonapyrdi village without the knowledge of the village authorities or the land owners. of that place where they were built.
But God looked down from heaven upon the children of men, to see if there were any that did understand, that did seek God" Psalm 14:2
However, on the ninth day the doctors came to administer a ‘drip’ to avoid the physical effects of the shock.
Jarkha respected William Lewis so much that he asked to name his eldest son "William Lewis" (who became one of the leaders in later years and a great storyteller). of the Church), another called his son "John Roberts" – the name of the secretary of the Mission in Wales.
According to a notice issued by the Political Department, the committee has been given time to send its recommendations to the Government within six months from the date of issuance of this notice.
The Lei Synshar has gathered the heavenly council.
Shillong: U Dawan Lyngdoh, MDC of Mynsngat Khanduli Constituency, has strongly condemned the inspection of the land by the people of Karbi Anglong District and MLA, Karbi Anglong Constituency. It is located in the district of West Jaintia Hills.
Speaking at the meeting, Titosster Well Chyne MDC Sohra was the chief guest.
“The second thing is that everyone says it's because of the song,” he said.
The incident has prompted a strong protest by the residents, police said.
Lamwan Paswet, President of the Association, said that once he learned of the incident, he went to see for himself and found that the fish sanctuary was fish sanctuary. and there were dead fish in the sea.
GU Registrar Piyush Patel has filed a defamation complaint against Kejriwal and Rajya Sabha MP Singh over their remarks after the Gujarat High Court ruled that The Chief Information Commissioner has issued a notice to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The day ended at Mynkoi Pyrdi Iongpiah Jowai at 8 pm with a performance by various villages of the Seiñ Raij Jowai.
The site has also been allocated for the construction of an area of ​​15,688 sq meter including karma classes, karma tuition, laboratories, faculty rooms, seminar rooms, auditorium and women's accommodation.
The aim of the AAP to recruit those who want to become members and who are interested in the party is to know where the most supporters are and how much attention the people have to the party. , and its intention is that if it sees that the people really want it, it will nominate candidates from those constituencies in the Lok Sabha MP elections.
The Word of God has a great truth whether it is alone in society, in trade or in the administration and in the law, the Word of God is a GREAT TRUTH ( greatest Truth).
They include Brigadier Marak from Bajengdoba, Ashahel D Shira from Rajabala, Michael Sangma from Tikrikilla and David Nongrum from Mawryngkneng.
He also urged the authorities in charge of these troops to immediately evict these illegal immigrants from the area and warned that if the government and the authorities do not take action, On this occasion, the union will not hesitate to use its physical strength to join hands with these government troops in these areas so that the paradoh parasnam, can live in peace on their own land.
He said that until the cause of the death of these three persons has been confirmed, the police will seek evidence from the owners of the park and the place of death.
In case this bank fails to operate within this time limit.
Latiplang said the Indian government's move is a ploy to introduce Panchayati Raj in the state. “Our state has been liberated from the Panchayat but why should we set up a Gram Sabha? “The committee is only for Panchayati Raj, this is a ploy to force us under the Panchayati Raj,” said Bah Latiplang.
He said that the matter has been sent to the government since November 2021 and they are still waiting for a reply.
Due to the production of fertilizers by the MUA-II government of Dr Mukul Sangma, farmers have to buy fertilizers at the price of T.500-T.530 per 50 kilos instead of the central government. The farmers have been given assistance to sell at T.282 per 50 kilos nationwide.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla inaugurated the meet in the presence of MDC Mynsngat Khanduli, Dawan Lyngdoh, WJDSA Hon. General Secretary Lammat O Laloo and others.
As part of the Raksha Bandhan celebrations, girl students tied Rakhi to Prime Minister Narendra Modi at their school in New Delhi.
Vehicles coming from Fire Brigade, St. Edmund's College, St. Peter's College to Upper Lachumiere will have to pass through the road leading to Woodland Hospital to Bawri. Mansion ,Malki Point.
After his children saw that his illness was getting worse, they informed the Church and the Church had the opportunity to visit him many times and came to give him the Last Sacrament at on 28 May 2020.
Raising this question, Bah Ronnie recalled that the Central Government in the past years, has expressed its desire to build hospitals like AIIMS in different parts of India, including the region. to the east.
Nongstoiñ: Laitkseh ME School is one of the oldest Government Upper Primary Schools in Laitkseh village in providing services to the people of the area. who are educated and who are currently in various stages.
Shillong: U Mawphlang MLA and former Chief Engineer of Public Health Engineering (PHE) SK Sunn on Tuesday said that there is a great need for cooperation between the PWD and PHE departments to run the works of Greater. Shillong Water Supply Scheme phase-III has been suspended due to lack of understanding.
The owner of the coal mine is Bah P Nongrin from Kyllon Mathei.
To close down the new market of Nepalis and which has started to grow now we request the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills to allow us to open the Langpih market and at the same time we request The BDO of Mawshynrut Block has been asked to complete the work so that the people can be happy at the same time. Nepalis, according to a statement.
High cholesterol levels can also affect the health of the blood pressure.
Nongpoh, Nailar 13: To promote the film industry for the youth of the state, Rangbah Jamberson R.Marak today launched a The Music Video 'Mera Dil' has been released today on the Youtube Channel of Rangbah. Jamberson R.Marak at Jadhi Restaurant Nongpoh and this is the second time that he has released a music video in Hindi. .
Also present on the occasion were Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA Amlarem, CEM Thombor Shiwat and others. others.
All the Government officials were in Ernakulan and the DGP also visited the area.
Dr. Kalam also extended his special thanks to the Director of the Museum and the staff of the Museum who have worked tirelessly to preserve the culture of the North East.
The ceremony was attended by the Chief Minister of Khyrim Hima, Dr. Balajied Sing Syiem, former Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Laborious Manik Syiem, and the children of Raid Shabong.
Shyamnath's parents, Vishwanathan and Shyamala, who recently learned of the news, said they had been able to talk to him on Saturday.
Shillong the 27th July 2021.2)Memo No.REV/LA/PT-II/55/2010-2020/224 Dated.5th August 2021.3)No.REV/LA/PT-II/55/2010-2020/75 Dated.11th August 2021.4)No.ASD/Genl/13/Con/2014-410 Dated.
However, as the Acting Wahadadar appointed by the District Council, Bah Wallamphrang has disturbed the village by violating the customs and traditions of Shella.
This has led me to write a little that the High Court will please reduce the lawyer fee for PIL.
He said that police have registered a suo-moto FIR at Sadar Police Station under the UA (P) Act and the Explosive Substance Act.
Hek said it is necessary to have insurance for the farmers so that the farmers can get assistance in case of anything that happens to the livestock of individuals or societies/groups.
As the founder of Shlem Hikai Tynre since 1997 with the cooperation of the elders of Seinraij, he said that with the passing of the days and years, the Shlem Hikai Tynre has increased in number of Raij villages and this is a sign of The hope of the country and the nation as well as the heritage that still holds to preserve the religion, customs and traditions of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
In another development, the High Court in its hearing today has not yet taken any decision on the Ar maloi Act or the Name of MLAs Act. and MDC, but the hearing was postponed to the 24th of this month.
The Principal of the school, Bah Dylan Q.Kharbuli, said that Khamkhraw is a hardworking child who is very eager to come to school.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
PM Santhosh contributed 33 runs, while Aryan Borah (14 not out) and Abhishek (11 not out) remained unbeaten.
South Korea's defense ministry announced on Tuesday that North Korea had fired another missile, this time the missile fell into parts of the Sea of ​​Japan.
In addition, the reluctance of the people to provide personal information has further complicated the work, in some cases the assistance of the members of the Village Water and Sanitation Committee (VWSC) has been sought.
He said that a person who claimed to be the owner of the land, Phresilla Ñianglang Kdait, tried to lead the land. He also said that when she sent any writings to Garo Hills, she gave her name as Phresilla Marak.
Prestone said that two more screening centers have been set up for the returnees, one for the returnees from West Khasi Hills District, at Mairang and Nongstoin. Those from South West Khasi Hills District will have to undergo screening at Byrnihat, Ribhoi District.
I feel that in this way our students will have a sense of confidence in their examinations,” said the teacher.
“If the people want me to contest in 2018,” she said, adding that according to her defeat in the MLA election, it is less than her defeat in the MDC election.
Thousands of people from Madanriting and others have gathered to condole the loss of this young man.
“I have prepared, today, that there is a matter of discussion to be brought by Bah SK Sun, because it was not completed in the last dorbar,” said the Prime Minister. “This incident has been very difficult,” he said.
The JSU on Saturday held a meeting of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) at Orchid Inn, Thadlaskein Mukhla with the participation of JSU leaders from all over the country including leaders from Shillong.
The Coterie beat the Eastern Pirates 67-20 while the Brawlers beat the Jaguars 67-2
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong would like to clarify in connection with the attack on this child by the robbers that night by saying that it is very shocking and shocking because in a short period of time. After the incident, photographs of the injured child have spread through social media, revealing that the people involved in the attack are from Lawsohtun.
Shillong, July 22: Prominent journalist Sukumar Muralidharanu on Tuesday said that Meghalaya journalists should unite against the High Court's decision to ban reporting on curfew and other issues.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Jemimo Mawthoh said, 'It is easy to buy leaders and it is difficult to buy the people' Team-A in 2023 to rule the government in the State.
I am happy that she is an MP but at the same time I have to turn to the state,” said Pala.
Speaking to media, Prestone said, “We are not buyers or sellers, but we are the NPP, the National People's Party and we are working for the welfare of the people. and not only Meghalaya but the North East as a whole”.
The start of work will take at least a year as the government will be preparing to finalize the survey of the road, and after that, it will issue a notice of land acquisition and payment to affected.
Until the moment of his death, Mahatma Gandhi did not accept the Independence of India as a Truth.
The hotel was handed over to the IHCL on this day and will soon be opened for the public.
UDP State Election Committee (SEC) Secretary Allan F Dkhar said that the party will meet again on Tuesday to announce the candidates for the Nongstoin, Pariong-Mawthadraishan and Umroi constituencies. constituency.
Shillong, July 30 : The National People's Party (NPP) has strongly criticized the All India Trinamool Congress (TMC) and said it will stand up to protect Meghalaya from the party's evil plan from West Bengal to destroy the country. “Pictures” of Bangladesh in the State.
Shillong: A group of employees of MECL, under the auspices of the CCOR MUA, on Tuesday went on strike. and hold a protest at the office during working hours, after the management has been slow to release their salaries.
There was also a song sung by Kong Ugene Mary Mairom.
Now instead of the Arabs enslaving the Jews, the Jews are now enslaving and arresting the Arabs as happened to the terrorists of Iran these days.
Markets have been closed in Iewduh and Police Bazar which are the largest markets in Meghalaya.
After the HLC decided to evict the Harijans from the area, the residents of the motor area have opposed this and decided to hold a protest if the government does not. move them.
Abortion is practiced by Muslims and condoms are the most widely used.
There is no more clothes, no clothes, no more, they have followed? “The world itself is very good, it is quick for them to follow.
Since ancient times, Kulong Kumah has been the Hima Jaintia.
“Regarding those areas where ethnic cleansing, especially those villages in Langpih area which want to belong to Assam, the Deputy CEM said that although there are clean areas, There are only a few, but to convince and understand these areas, it is up to the leaders, village headmen and especially the villagers.
Many of the parents have phoned me yesterday to express their concern about this.
The UDP also conducted an election campaign at Kut Madan, Sohra and was campaigned by UDP Minister H Brolding Nongsiej, Deputy CEM of KHADC Pyniaid Sing Syiem of NPP. , HSPDP President KP Pangniang, Sohra MDC Titostarwell Chyne, former Umsning MDC Donkupar Sumer and others.
He said that in these days, we have seen violence and violence all over the area, but now here we see hope and understanding, where through the unity of government officials, residents and VO , Self Help Groups (SHGs) of Moosakhia Village have been able to build this house.
They don't know that even if I am an MLA or a government minister, I go to church every Sunday,” said Bah Hamlet at an election campaign rally held at Bañiun on Saturday evening.
Shillong, Lber 19 : The National Cricket Academy (NCA) of the BCCI has selected three cricketers from the MCA for the North East Senior Men Camp to be held from June Bengal Cricket Academy in Kalyani.
“There may be those who say that regarding the three 'K's which are the weaknesses of man, you know them, but I would say think of the three 'K's' to be strong. The Word, the earth and the Father, Remember the good.
He said the MBDA has not acted negligently, but there may be some shortcomings and promised to invite all stakeholders to attend.
This was stated by Bah Granary while talking to Mawphor on 12th July 2022 at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar.
As part of the 75th Anniversary of Azadi Ka Amrit Mohatsav, all the residents of the district have taken part in the Har Ghar Tiranga campaign. from 13th to 15th April,
Process said that if the government needs to send all the 60 MLAs to Delhi to meet with the central government on the demand of the state for ILP, they will be able to do so. “I am ready to leave for the job,” said Prestone.
