Shillong: U Minister of Rural Development, Abu Taher Mondal, on Tuesday said that one of the problems faced by the state is the large number of people who do not have Aadhaar or have not linked Aadhaar to bank accounts. their.
However, on the other hand, the prime minister denied the allegation by the political secretary of the Achik National Volunteers' Council that he was involved.
The Deputy Commissioner of EJH, Bah FM Dopth said that his office will soon release the funds raised through the District Mineral Fund for the improvement of the tourist attractions in the area. from the Moopun Valley, Rynji and Latang.
After the emergence of many clothing companies, John Players found it difficult to attract young men to buy her clothes and for this reason she chose Sid who owns the the appearance of a tree suitable for its proclamation.
Bah Shangpliang said that returning as MLA is the decision of the people and anyone who has worked well in the last five years can win again but if he doesn't work he cannot come back. strength.
Finally, the attempt to deprive Khasi women of becoming full Khasi if they marry foreigners, the fight for ILP and other issues to curb the illegal entry of foreigners is true. too much if we think about it, but all this is only temporary.
“We have faced difficulties in these days after the closure of fish during the closure days and now we have regained our jobs after the reopening of fish transportation,” said Bah Langstieh.
Shillong, July 08: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District. The Battalion Headquarters of the Border Security Force (BSF) in Mawkyrwat.
Speaking to reporters, the founder of the Skill Tree Knowledge Consortium, Mr. Shekhar A. Bhattarcharjee said that this scheme is an opportunity for the students of the North East to continue their studies. their education without any problem from poverty.
When asked what his intention is to say that the Hima Mylliem should ensure that the raïot or village headmen in the border areas should not get jobs to own land, the CEM said, “ There is a law of the Hima Mylliem which allows other ethnic groups to become village headmen, but prohibits them from becoming village headmen and they cannot own land.
The opportunity to start a new career at the NorthEast club has improved his skills due to the opportunity to play with other players from other countries.
Shillong: The opposition party which has removed Teinwel Dkhar from the post of CEM has decided to appoint Latiplang Kharkongor as CEM, an independent MDC to support the Congress, some NPP MDCs and Private MDC.
The Pynthorumkhrah Church together with the Senior CE Society invite all Endeavorers and believers to attend this service.
It was after the establishment of the church that Babu Hajom Kissor Singh saw the need to establish a school to free the villagers from the darkness of illiteracy.
“I look forward to seeing many officers attend this important meeting,” he said.
Every household has at least one or two cars in the yard.
The NPP, which is currently in its synrop group in GHADC known as the Garo Hills Progressive Alliance (GHPA), said that they have sent the name of Conrad Sangma as MDC to the Garo Hills Progressive Alliance (GHPA). The Governor of the State and does not go through the District Council Affairs Department of the State Government.
Mut bulldozing terrain.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Hima Mylliem today decided to punish those who throw garbage in the market with a fine and imprisonment. people holding those garbage collectors.
He urged the residents of Lumshnong area as well as the neighboring villages not to be concerned about this as the government will consider how many new blocks still need to be created for their needs. public the State.
He urged them to maintain this unity so that the village can develop in all aspects especially in terms of development works.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: As part of the celebration of National Science Day 2024, the State Council of Science Technology and Environment, Meghalaya together with the Shillong Science Center has organized a 10 month science program starting from 26th of this month to 3rd of October,
Everyone at least once finds and confronts evil in his life.
It is true that this is what was written by the two Church leaders that on our part we also remember from time to time you the leaders of the country and the nation to be steadfast and steadfast especially in this fight corona virus and especially to be leaders who know people and know God thank you.
There is no such thing as a touch screen on the internet.
" Lydia's mother said.
They said that some of them have been appointed as officiate since June 2015 and according to the rules they should be full or regular within six months but this has not happened till date.
Therefore, the Seng requests the residents of Sohiong to write down when the recharge was made and when or how many days it will expire and send it to the Seng along with the phone number so that the Seng can The union will take it to the BSNL office to resume operation according to their validity once the network has been restored in the village.
One person has died in East Khasi Hills today, bringing the total number of deaths to
The rich were more respected because they could offer more.
A total of 575 people from 77 families have taken shelter in the Catholic Church in Malangkona.
“Where can I get those who will always accompany me...” said Lydia. Hep now had the courage to reveal what he wanted, but he felt that he should first know something about her.
It is worth mentioning that this ceremony was also part of the commemoration of the 75th Independence Day of India. as the “Azadi and Amrit Mahatsav”.
From time to time it has been witnessed that the MLA of South Shillong has been fighting for the welfare of the rithor from the issue of trading license and others.
In the tied innings of Youth Star, the team reached 135 runs before losing all wickets in 19.1 overs.
“Health starts with cleanliness in the home, village and area and therefore the community has a role and responsibility to ensure that all the citizens of our state are healthy,” he said. .
Many youths from neighboring villages like Raliang, Nongkynrih, Laskein, Mulum, Madankynsaw, Mowkyndeng and others came to participate.
People who used to rely on transportation to get to their jobs have had to walk from their homes to get to their jobs and jobs.
As mentioned above about the food crisis in the world, isn't it time for us to grow more food for the sake of our families, the nation and the State as well? For now, synsar is a boon, but for the future, will it be a shortage or a curse? Furthermore, it would be wrong to say that we REP SYNSAR because it is not a plant that we grow. You shall not eat anything that has been eaten or that has been eaten alive, except if you have turned it into an animal like a goat, a cow or a goat.
Wanteibok Pator, a student of Sawlyngdoh Higher Secondary School Mowkaiaw, has come second in the result of the SSLC announced by the MBOSE on Friday.
Therefore, the public is requested to take precautionary measures such as checking and securing items that can be blown away by the wind such as wooden beams, household items, or stones. , garbage cans, sign boards and other items that can be damaged during the storm.
Faith in God is very important in human life, regardless of any faith, even those who are not Christians.
The funeral service will be held on 29.01.2024 at the Catholic Cemetery, Jowai.
The certification, which looks at 7 key areas, looks at how care is provided by nurses in a safe, efficient and respectful manner.
However, at 3:50 pm, the OC of the police station asked for an explanation.
Parents also expressed the difficulty in obtaining computers as this equipment is very expensive and it is not easy for them to buy to send their children to practice.
Shillong, Jn 6: The NPP Meghalaya State Unit has supported the 48-hour curfew of the All Achik Youth Federation (AAYF) in Garo Hills on the 19th and 20th of June.
The funeral service will be held on the 4th July 2022 at the Presbyterian Church Jowai at 2 pm. 8 new cases of COVID-19, 6 recoveries haka Sunday U Blei.
Shillong, July 25: The Youth Wing of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday strongly opposed the border crossing of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) to the villages outside the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
The event was attended by Ramkumar S, IAS Mission Director NHM and Dr Pradeep Haldar, Senior Strategic Advisor, John Snow India.
However, it was not enough to stop and disappear. When he left, he left only to show off and left Gomer alone to continue her work with her friends.
It was inaugurated at a function held inside the campus at Balalgre village.
There are 11 posts and only 3 posts are being called for and the union has been petitioning since 2015 and demanded that the VC and others should be appointed full time.
In another development, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has strongly condemned the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem for taking an urgent decision not to issue a No Objection Certificate (NOC) for the Two Road. - or from Nongstoin to Wahkaji and said that this is against the will of the people.
Furthermore, when they are in areas where there are ponds, rivers, streams or rice fields, they try to move to dry areas and find shelters that are safe from flooding. and thou shalt not lie down on the ground.
On the other hand, Bah Auspicious said that out of the 120 villages in the constituency, 80 villages are still backward and 35 villages have not yet received roads.
In the women's category, Xenia Rose Nongsiej of St Joseph's Higher Secondary School, Pynthorumkhrah won the Best Karate (Junior) award and in the Senior category, Rebeka Nongspung of Providence School won the Best Karate award.
Bah MK Dkhar, Deputy General of Police (Administration) was sworn in as Deputy General of Police (ER).
The World Bank has allocated $48 million to India for the beautification of hills, rivers and valleys in Meghalaya.
The time when Satan is cast out will be the most difficult time because he will rule the enemy and kill.
In the second half, Seiñ Kynjei beat LMK FC 3-0
Even the residents of Shillong who own land sell their land and allow others to use it.
Besides the President, KSU Jowai Circle Vice President Ioanis Suchiang, KSU Jowai Circle General Secretary Phraki Howni Thubru and other members of the KSU Jowai Unit were also present.
I also urge the Sengbhalang, the elders especially the Boundary Committees to read the issues carefully, so that our efforts will not be in vain,” said Bah Hope. -standard Myrthong.
The CEM said that one of the decisions taken by the Executive Committee to increase the revenue collection is on the need to obtain a no objection certificate from the Council for the construction of the tourist spots, hotels, entertainment venues and others.
“Because of fear, I cannot do anything but obey their order on March 30, 2012,” he said.
According to Bindo, if these leaders resign from the post of MDC, there is no difference, but the problem is that if they resign from the post of MLA and elect the post of MDC. Whether it is acceptable or not because the MLA elections are held under the Representation of People Act while the District Council does not have such an Act.
To mention a little, not to mention the banks, but the loans and grants with the money provided by the Government have been destroyed, as we can see especially in these mountainous countries.
Shillong: A serious accident has happened on Rilbong Road near Military Hospital Shillong and near Anjalee on the night of 10th November 2021 at about 9 pm. Petrol Pump.
Shillong: The BSF today seized drugs and cosmetics worth T.68 lakh.
This task is not just for one or two people but for everyone because it is only through working together that any problem can be solved.
Nongpoh: Taking into consideration the complaint of the residents of Mawker village, who have complained to the union regarding the tortious construction of the PMGSY road in Mawker, the leaders of the HNYF Northern Region, have visited the union. HNYF Northern Region leaders, who inspected the road, included Bah Marcus Marten. President, Bah Edelbert Nongrum, Bah Donroy Kshiar Asst.Secretary, Bah Donroy Kshiar and many others, during the inspection of the road which is about 4 km long, found that the working methods are corrupt and unfair. hun as he was angry with the people.
The residents of the village have informed the police about the incident, and according to police sources, the robbers came to the village in a group to demand money but the crowd bombed them dead. some of them while the others escaped.
Isaiah 1:18.
Shillong, Lber 30 : A strong earthquake has destroyed several households in Pyndenborsora village, one of the villages on the border with Bangladesh on the evening of the 26th of this month.
Post Name:- Lower Division Assistant (LDA)No of posts:- 92 (1+91)Department:- Legal Remembrancer/Office of the Heads ofPay Scale:- Level 6 of the Revised Pay StructureEducational Qualification:- Class 12th /H.S or.S.L.C any equivalent educational qualification.
Four senior HNLC leaders who have been charged by the NIA include Marius Rynjah, alias Hep Koit, Finance Secretary of the HNLC, who demanded money on behalf of the HNLC. Star Cement.
Senior ECI officials, Prasar Bharati CEO, DG AIR News and ECI actor & President Pankaj Tripathi attended the meeting.
Food ration for AAY card holders - 35 kilos per household (no payment).
In view of these tragic incidents, we urge the Government of Meghalaya to immediately provide justice to the families of those who died and injured and to ensure that they can get back their lives. “We strongly condemn all the crimes and violence that have happened recently in the State especially that many individuals have been injured in the attack,” said the MPHRC. These incidents have not been thought of whether it is the indigenous people, the minorities or any other group and especially the involvement of journalists.
The body was taken to Nongstoin Civil Hospital for post mortem before being handed over to the family members.
The UDP has issued this request after many MDCs from the ruling and opposition parties have expressed their dissatisfaction with the incompetence of the Chief Executive Member. (CEM) to lead the Council.
At the same time, it is estimated that Meghalaya will receive about T.50 crore per annum in the form of coal revenue.
He said that the Government of India has set a target to complete the phases of the project by
Up to 30 schools and 900 children participated in the Chief Minister's District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 at Teilang Stadium, Dkhiah West, Khliehriat which started on Tuesday.
Regarding the coal, the existing coal cannot be used, as Coal India Ltd has not yet completed the auction which has been suspended due to the curfew.
We don't explain anything beyond what we see and know.
On the other hand, the office said that because they have been appointed based on the high percentage, if they do not issue NoC, the villages cannot work.
We request the Governor to convene a special session to implement the Khadar rule in KHADC according to the Constitution,” said ARPA Chairman Bah Metbah Lyngdoh in a letter sent to the Governor on Friday. .
:The Minister of Food and Civil Supply and Consumer Affairs, Bah Comingone Ymbon on Tuesday urged the residents of the state not to worry about the threat of the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU). ) to stop the import of petrol in the state saying that the government is looking for ways to resolve this issue.
Nongpoh, July 30: In one of the incidents of assault on a family in Ri Bhoi District since July this year, a family has suffered terribly after being assaulted by the village authorities. against the family on the grounds that they are not permanent residents of the village.
Bah Dundee also urged the members and soldiers of the FKJGP to be ready to sacrifice themselves for the sake of the country and the nation and to work hard to ensure that the country and the people. the land that the present generation has inherited from the mandiens will be peaceful and good.
KSU Namdong on Friday also met with the District Medical Health Officer (DMHO) Dr. KC Ajar regarding the slow operation of the CHC. The CHC does not accept to treat patients from all over the villages under the jurisdiction of the CHC Namdong.
The game was played in Zone 2, Salpara, North Garo Hills.
Kalwing fell from a Sumo driven by Mahendra Wahlang (32) (ML-10A-5946) at Mawskei-Ri-Bhoi district.
In this way, young people will learn and become more confident and interested in mathematics and science.
“I will forgive their sins”, Romans 11:2
The shortage of commercial vehicles in the rural areas has started for nearly two days for the people from outside Shillong, who want to come to Shillong to complete 30 types of jobs including picking up. medicine and others.
The order was issued by a bench of Chief Justice DY Chandrachud, JB Pardiwala and Manoj Misra on the request of Solicitor General of India Tushar Mehta on behalf of Manipur.
This is for the 10 year training to be given under the Elite Pathway Program as part of the continuation of the Mass “State Sports Talent Identification Program 2022” held under the STAR Program for the first time. (Phase- I) in November 2022 by the office of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association in collaboration with the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government in all districts of Meghalaya.
The Chairman of KHADC, Bah Lamphrang Blah, announced the dissolution of the EC and Bah Titos as CEM after the MDCs who supported the EC did not stand in their seats as CEM. MDCs standing in support of the no-confidence motion in the House.
The union said that the residents of Arunachal Pradesh have been in shock after the arrest of 36 people who went to take part in the curfew.
Dr Kharlukhi made this donation on 02nd October, 2024 in the presence of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew, Bah G Dhar, BDO Mawkynrew C&RD Block. , the officers, the village leaders, and the elders.
Another tragic incident has destroyed the house of Merlinda Thyrniang in Rangblang Sohsyniang village.
On the other hand, the party believes that this is no longer a matter of one person or anyone but of the nation.
“To make it easier for the students from Sohkha and surrounding villages to sit for the examination in 2022, Sohkha will be turned into an MBOSE Examination Centre,” said Lahkmen.
We don't care if others are persecuted, persecuted or persecuted by those in authority.
These commercial two wheelers must have GPS, must be registered with the Transport Department, must display the names of the drivers for the safety of the two wheelers.
On the 10th November 2016, the Dalloi Puramon Kynjing confirmed Ricky Tariang as the Waheh Shnong and the certificate of Moosalyngkat Village was announced on
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the fire.
Congress leaders are opposed to the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) which aims to allow Hindus and others to immigrate to India.
There are also many actions of this EC which have offended others, such as trading licence, market dwellers, monolit festival, new laws of 30 kinds. UDA. Besides, the CEM used to refrain from speaking to the press but allowed each EM to speak as the leader of his EC.
However, Bah Pala said that even if the Central Government sets up any security forces, it doesn't make sense because if there is no cooperation of the State Government.
“It is a great loss for our children, relatives and neighbours,” said Prestone.
The shop is owned by Bah IA Diengdoh, retired officer from the Department of Sericulture and Textile. They included Bah FR Kharkongor, Commissioner and Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, RB Lyngwa, relatives and other dignitaries.
Shillong: U BB Lyngdoh and Capt Williamson A Sangma, Chief Organizer of the APHLC, have accepted the Sub State, while Hopingstone Lyngdoh, Chief Organizer of the APHLC, along with 3,000 others, have demanded a full state. Denis Lyngkhoi, one of the soldiers of the state and one of the closest followers of Hopingstone Lyngdoh.
"The purpose of this program is to raise awareness on the dangers of drugs and the illegal marketing of drugs. on a solid foundation to fight against this kind of evil.
Latiplang said the EC has done a lot of work in the past few months through the Trade Department to close down foreign shops in the markets under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. 23 November: The Meghalaya Tourist Transporters' Association (MTTA) has expressed its regret over the reports that it has increased the fare of taxis without the permission of the government.
Now in Meghalaya, corruption has become a common practice and those who are corrupt are not aware of it and are no longer afraid to do so.
There were many police and government troops who were deployed at the hospital.
“Whatever you think I will do, mother,” said the father with a smile. “That's what you say, mother, because if they know that I support Peter, they might feel that I am doing something wrong.
For the land within the Municipal areas, the Government has laid down the necessary rules, but for those outside the Municipal, the Village Authorities need to think carefully to avoid problems later.
The MDA government has also been criticized for signing a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Assam without prior consultation with the Hima and villages in the border area.
You are each other’s keeper.3.
“Since we got a full state except in 2018, the government has not thought of spending to develop sports, but now the government under the leadership of the MDA has seen far ahead. to promote sports and we have been able to conduct several programs to promote sports in the state,” he said.
We believe that there are still many brave and determined fighters who will join us in this struggle.
We who are poor and we who earn enough to survive, we need wise legislators, who will make laws for the benefit, the development of all as a country. Nation and state.
I'm surprised how those in Shillong know that you don't know anything about these areas, but if it's true, there are those who come to pnjot, and if the uranium affects your health, those who release the dam will have to pay. to carry the head.
The clash between the village headmen of the two groups started at 6 am on Tuesday morning. The incident happened despite the patrolling of the Commandos of the Manipur police and central government troops in the most affected areas.
All vehicles leave Don Bosco Square via Boyce Road.
To worship no one but to serve only to build the community.
The meeting was held today at the Dorbar Hall of Mylliem Hima.
Shillong: The KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has strongly condemned the state government for the construction of the Jowai Bye Pass.
Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn today raised the issue in the House on the displacement of people from Malangkona, due to the raid by the Assam police from Boko to arrest them after they opposed the people of Malangkona. Assam to survey the road which is the territory of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah Alan West Kharkongor congratulated the Prime Minister for his respect for the agreement and as a thank you promised before the Prime Minister to work hard to achieve his and her victory. party NPP of Sohra constituency.
She said she doesn't feel any fear, because she is confident that she will join the NPP. “We will talk about issues related to the state, there will always be questions. “Why I joined the NPP is because my thoughts sent me to join the NPP,” said Ampareen.
The group congratulates Sylvan Horizon Resort and Umtymmenrupa Production.
After receiving video footage of two people sitting behind a garbage dump in Motphran and injecting drugs, the Seng Samla Mawkhar said that the Dorbar Shnong, law enforcement agencies and the government have to work together to eradicate this drug from the village and the state as a whole.
According to the book of Revelation, God has revealed the time of the appearance of the white horse, the altar, the sun, the moon, the stars and it is the time of God's wrath.
He also praised the work of the VDP which has reduced illegal activities in the last nine years.
Up to 300 patients have received free check up at the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit together with Down Town Hospital, Guwahati. it's Saturday.
Leaders of the SNSBH today met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah HS Shylla and urged him to meet with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma before the Synrai Legislative Assembly to discuss the issue. the building code.
He held many public meetings to bring peace in Kashmir and this stirred up the insurgents in Kashmir.
The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District has urged the public who have information about the people involved to help smuggle these people from Bangladesh into India.
The Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary (AH&V) Dr JS Jyrwa said that the target is to complete the slaughterhouse by November
From the day of the descent of the Holy Spirit until now, they have been “filled with the Holy Spirit of God.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Sniawbhalang together with the Minister of Assam and Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Karbi Anglong District, Piyush Hazarika today visited Khanduli area as part of the preparations for the The border between Meghalaya and Assam.
SDPO Belonia Abhijit Das said the five Bangladeshis arrested include MD Sajib (22), Sahabuddin (25), Azad Hossin (22). ), Abdul Awual (17) and Jahidul Islam (16).
Therefore, regarding the request of AMKA, we urge the leaders from MLAs and MDCs, to take action on this issue, as the aim of the union is to bring unity among the people. in Block I and Block II, and how much more if the boundary in Block I and Block II, which is between KHADC and KAAC, can be resolved, he added.
Because it has been seen that when there are programs or awards ceremony by the government for those who have taken part in the hill state struggle, it has to ask from the villages.
Chandrasekhar congratulated all the graduates and wished them a bright future.
It will be the day of resurrection and rapture.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The President of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) on Tuesday said that the state government has tortured the teachers of Lower Primary Schools by sending them to take the examination again even after they have passed the examination. entered the workforce for decades.
He said that after the end of the dorbar synrai, they will hold another meeting and a joint inspection by these Regional Committees.
The following new members have been confirmed.
Conrad K Sangma said the removal of Bah AL Hek from the post of Minister of Health and Family Welfare is the wish of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). There is no consensus within the party that Bah Sanbor Shullai will be appointed.
“I came here by public bus, I didn't come by Volvo bus.
Three MDCs of the JHADC, Lakhon Biam, Krison Langstang and Dawan Lyngdoh, have urged the CEM of JHADC Thombor Shiwat to convene a meeting of all the MDCs. before convening the Coordination Committee with the MLAs from Jaintia Hills.
The first report by the NITI Aayog on the number of poor was in 2021 based on the NFHS-4 figures for 2015-1
So we need time to discuss these aspects with them, and after we’re able to come to a consensus, we can start this project.
They said to me, Tymmenbasan, take us to the church so that those demons will not have the power to fight us.
The strong wind has swept away these tins of houses for about 100 meters.
Students from Shillong who study in schools in Upper Shillong like Army School in 101 Area and Kendriya Vidyalaya in Eastern Air Command are among the worst affected,” he said.
Rev. Wilbert Marweiñ, DD together with the Sisters of St. Peter Higher Secondary School, Nongstoiñ visited the family and held a special prayer for the rest of the souls of these two children. and all the household.
If you want to change your life especially your mindset, you should read good books, listen to podcasts, interviews of people you admire who have done or won in the field. their lives.
If the Government continues to suspend the recruitment until the Reservation Policy is revised, the impact on the youth job seekers especially those who have reached the age of job seeking will increase.
Many villages have received electricity through the RGGVY scheme funded by the government with the intention of providing electricity to every well in the villages, but it was seen that MeECL has left it alone. Unfortunately, dozens of villages which have received electricity from the RGGVY are still in darkness.
Ma Pala strongly criticized the MDA government for increasing the price of education in the state and said, “Now education in Meghalaya has become equal to Bihar.
We attack, we threaten, we destroy the weak and the weak.
"We have taken all necessary measures to ensure that there is no legal problem in this incident," said the DGP. They are awaiting the post-mortem report.
Another deadly attack occurred on 23 March 2002 after Chechen militants, including 21 men and 19 women, attacked a cinema in Dubrovka, Moscow, and took prisoner to more than 800 people.
In just 36.4 overs, all the players lost and only 97 runs were scored.
These organizations include Garo Students Union, Federation of A'chik Freedom, All India Garo Union, All A'chik Youth Federation, Williamnagar Govt College Students Union and Sumo Pick-Up & Auto Association of Williamnagar. , East Garo Hills.
Priyanka Gandhi Vadra, General Secretary of the party, denied the allegation, saying, “The whole of India knows that Rahul is an Indian.
The advertisements were posted at three centers in Birmingham and he directed those who wanted to talk to him to visit the website findmalikawife.com.
Cabral, who is also a Christian from Gao, said, “More than 70 percent of the population in Meghalaya are Christians and also in Goa; we have Christians in Goa, I am a Christian too, I belong to the Catholic Church.
When asked whether he would support the Congress candidate for the MDC election if the person he applied for does not get the ticket, David said he could not say yet because it is up to the people.
This has to be looked at.
He also reminded that political parties should strictly follow the Model Code of Conduct or MCC and other directives of the Election Commission for the smooth running of the election.
Khliehriat, March 6: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle today held a special program to award the Maitshaphrang Academic Award 20222 to those students who have passed well in various categories. , the program was held at Lumshnong Community Hall.
“Meghalaya and the North East will contribute more in the coming years.
These 12 or 16 wheels weigh more than 25 tons or less.
The cost of the construction is Rs 141 crore and the tender cost for the work is Rs 127.76 crore.
The speech of the Minister of Home Affairs and the decision of the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States is a compulsion to speak and write in Hindi in the states which do not speak this language in the North Eastern States.
At the same time, he urged the youths who have been misled to join the gangs to come forward and live like normal people, because illegal activities do not affect anyone but their own people.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Pala said, “As of now, they (BJP) have not announced the list of candidates.
We already know the government’s tactics.
To elect leaders, it is not necessary to have these feelings, but leaders must be wise and intelligent, able to take any decisions or steps that will benefit not only the people but also the people. but for a moment, even for a moment.
There will be no more exchange of money in any form whether check, DD, payment through Credit or Debit Card and others,” he said.
For the men's category, there are 32 slots and the Top-2 teams will qualify from each group while for the women's category, there are 16 slots. and the Top-2 teams from each group will qualify.
Other sources said that the MDCs Congress and KHADC today held an emergency meeting to discuss the Mawbynna Festival, which was held at Mawphlang.
The squad for the WTC final includes: Rohit Sharma (Captain), Shubman Gill, Cheteshwar Pujara, Virat Kohli, Ajinkya Rahane, KS Bharat (wk), Ravichandran Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja, Axar Patel, Shardul Thakur, Mohd.
There are 16 new cases of COVID-19 in Nagaland on Tuesday.
The announcement was made by NPF leader TR Zeliang and the decision of the NPF will allow the Congress to form a government in the state.
He said that it was also found that in this shop, they used to dispose of garbage in a hole in one place and this disposal of this garbage, has caused damage, not only to this shop. but even the houses and shops that are not near this dhaba.
In this regard, we express our opposition to the king," he added.
The program was held at the Shella Presbytery, Mawkhar, Shillong.
In-situ constructions of Government or private works are allowed but employees must stay and not leave the workplace.
On the other hand, the union urges the State Government through the order of the Deputy Commissioner Office to end the compulsion or intimidation of households on the distribution of TIKA (Vaccine).
“I have learned a lot from him during my time in government,” he said.
Meghalaya, which has won twice, is now in fourth position and will play Sikkim on Tuesday.
In Isaiah it is called the False Jew.
On the other hand, Ma Manhun Thabah, one of the elders of the area and the Sordar of Nongkasen, in his speech, said that this rally today will not lead to anything if we don't. to testify before the law and if there is no witness the law cannot convict the perpetrators.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem and Bah Balajied Ranee MDC, expressed their gratitude to be able to launch these schemes for the benefit of the students and the school. to spread the knowledge in this area.
However, when contacted by Bah S Khongsit, he said that he did not bring the drugs but he brought them because a woman told him to bring them but at this time, he was arrested by the Excise Police.
“When I saw this vote, I suddenly changed my mind, because I had hoped to win, but this changed.
He said that although he is not wealthy but he has the spirit to serve, to advocate for the issues of the State in Parliament and urged the voters to give their support. with him, so that he can fulfill his desire in the public service.
The Seng said that it has also met with the Syiem Raid and he has said that among those who have been issued NOC or Pata are the indigenous people of the North East such as the Kuki and others. , this is also completely inappropriate as it poses a threat to indigenous peoples.
“He also said that this tournament is a preliminary opportunity to prepare the children for the Olympic Games in 2028 and
Myntdu Leshka generates 126 MW of electricity when the rainfall is good.
The Chief Executive Members have expressed their opposition to the proposal to introduce Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Chief Executive Members as MDCs. urgently on this issue lest it become too late, and lest it completely undermine the uniqueness of the National Assemblies.
“It is no longer necessary to talk about when one police force intends to seize the camp of another police force,” he said.
Speech was also delivered by the Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) Ambrose Marak.
Even the foundation stones have been written and painted.
MeECL is in dire straits as the power plants in the state have decreased in the availability of water.
On the other hand, Rituraj Singha promised to the families that the BJP under his leadership together with the party leaders from the state will meet the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa immediately. Sarma to demand the rights of the four persons who were shot dead by the Assam police and to demand punishment for those involved in the shooting.
At present, Bah Khraw said that the area around Shillong has been surrounded by the army, and even the land that does not exist has not been implemented, but they are still looking for land elsewhere.
About 40% of those with asthma who do not see a doctor for symptoms of asthma, 77% do not feel confident that they can recognize the symptoms of asthma. Melanoma and about 81% feel they can recognize the signs of non-melanoma skin cancer.
Here it shows that God was angry with the hardheartedness of the Egyptians and Pharaoh that they did not accept or understand the God of Israel, the living God.
Ri Bhoi Police have not yet arrested the truck drivers involved in the shooting death of Bah Disnarling Lyngdoh, Police Home Guard and Security Officer at the Ri Bhoi Police Station. FCI is located in Mawsmai, Jeroboad, Ri Bhoi.
To strengthen the AAP, each of you should work and spend time to talk and not a meeting that can stir up the feelings of everyone,” said Payeng.
Nongstoiñ, July 25: The MDC of Mawkynrew, who is also the Senior Vice President of the HSPDP, on Tuesday said that the party's founder, Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, has said that it is difficult to find. They are truly great leaders like this great leader of the nation.
Although this is his first visit, he is pleased to learn about the working methods of the Autonomous District Councils which have their own powers, as well as the working methods of the Village or Hima.
The number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in West Jaintia Hills District has risen to four after three more cases were confirmed in Amlarem Sub-Division.
Before the sacrifice, the Langdoh said that in the morning there will be a sacrifice of two cows and after this, they will sacrifice the BlangTymmen at the end of the village in the east and the Sniangpat. to the South in the extreme part of the town.
The ceremony was also attended by Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, Bah Jedwin Lyngdoh Rangbah Shnong and the residents of Nongpoh.
The fourth match started at 2:30 pm at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium, where Merinda FC beat Lah Bet SC 7-0 goals. Merinda SC, Bestius Nongbsab scored a hat trick (54 min, 58 min & 60 min).
The complaint was lodged with the police after the JHADC confirmed that the land was not built.
At the same time, he advised the staff of this department to look into the fruits and vegetables that the ngap likes and enjoys so that they can develop agriculture and produce bun you fish.
Police have arrested the driver and seized the vehicle as he could not give a proper answer regarding the transportation of sugar.
During the investigation, the police have arrested several persons and within six months of registering the case, a chargesheet has been filed on 07th November
“The government will have to pay T.385.89 crore to NEEP CO and T.449.93 crore to other companies.
Referring to the joining of former KHNAM and HSPDP leaders to the VPP, Bah Ardent said that the joining of the same group to work for the people and the state has no doubt that Bah Adelbert Nongrum will join the VPP. He said that with hard work and humility, there is no difficulty in reaching the goal.
He said that the Lakhimpur and Nagaon police have taken steps to register a case in connection with the death of the policeman.
“The people on the border have understood that only the NPP-led Government has taken action to resolve the border with Assam, while other Governments have not been able to do anything for 50 years. “It is for this reason that they have given their confidence to the party,” he said.
The NVD was held under the leadership of ARCS Jowai Bah NS Wahlang together with the officers and staff of the department.
It is the most important thing in our lives and shapes our physical structure.
The KSU South Khasi Hills has raised a very important issue and that is, they demand the immediate transfer of the Sub Divisional Police Officer (SDPO) of Sohra. Hundreds of foreigners from Ichamati area have been ordered to flee after the killing of a KSU member on 28th June.
Speaking to the public, Bah Ardent said that the VPP will not respond to the demand for the reservation because it is the reason. The root cause of the problem is that young people are looking for jobs.
I urge the leaders to turn away from those religious leaders who defile the Dorbar Bah of our nation and when you pray or speak, you should pray and speak only in relation to the community.
He said that there are about 60 percent of the educated youth who are unemployed in the state.
He said the AITC had recently promised to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in Article 8 of the Indian Constitution, but what did they do during their eight years of rule under the banner of the Congress?
They don't demand anything from us but give us only joy and knowledge.
' The crowd was not surprised.
The registration fee is T.30 per player and cannot be less than 20 or more than 25 players per group.
How will they be elected?” said the Samla Congress leader in the state.
The Seng Khasi has organized a climb to the top of this hill, which they believe that in the past, when justice stood, there was a golden bridge connecting the earth and heaven.
On 7th July 2020, the Government Spokesperson announced the decision of the Cabinet on many issues, but the decision to deliver kyiad to homes has caught the attention.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has also informed the residents of East Jaintia Hills District that the Government of India has given time to the State Government to immediately provide their Aadhaar cards. children who are the beneficiaries of the Supplementary Nutritional Program which has been a blessing to the children who have received nutritious food through this scheme but who will lose those benefits if they do not have an Aadhaar Card.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday demanded that the CWC of Shella Block, East Khasi Hills should prove with witnesses the allegations of involvement of the KSU. in connection with the recent killing of two foreigners in Ichamati.
A hard work has been done to rebuild the bridge by removing the truck which has caused the passengers to fall and the bridge will be repaired soon.
In 2020 and 21, during the lockdown, where tens of thousands of people are facing difficulties, because they cannot work and at this time, we see to the unity of the people, to give donations, to those who cannot go to work, to fill their tables,” said Ms Laloo.
It is also learned that there are people in Mawlangsu area who used to use pesticides, bombs and other methods to kill dohum dohwah, just for the sake of rhah. and their personal gain.
Shillong, July 12: Ka SPARK, a group for the welfare of children from low income families, on Sunday held meetings in different villages of the state. to raise awareness among the community regarding the end of forced labor for children who still need to grow up in education and health.
There is no such thing as poverty, misery, misery, but there are those who are still trying to protect the people from being involved in corruption.
The problem is that when burning, the smoke comes out of the toilets of these houses and the smoke is thrown away.
Another target is to provide assistance of T.12,000 per annum which will help them to stand on their own feet and eradicate poverty and improve their livelihood. their.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 485 new cases have been confirmed and there are 4363 active cases in the state.
The farmers together with the Association have decided to kill these animals which have damaged their crops. They said that as these elephants have destroyed the crops, they cannot even throw their blood to kill these wild elephants in these farmland.
Shillong: The Workers Power of Meghalaya (WPoM) and Thma U Rangli Juki (TUR) welcome the decision and announcement of the Meghalaya Government to provide financial assistance to the day laborers who have lost their income and income due to the floods. The curfew during the fight against Corona or Covid1
Speakers on the occasion included Yoophika Langstang from the Langstang Kur, teachers from the schools in the village, the President Village Organization of Pammanik, Fecility Dhar, P.Lyngkot. , P.Samaiang and C.Sungoh.
The farmers say, “The water as it grows turns into a river”.
I had to teach him how to raise the flag of the country and he was grateful for the training he received,” said Joshi.
The fire was extinguished by the Fire & Emergency Service, Nongpoh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The UDP Shillong City has urged the district authorities to be vigilant in the registration of voters in the city and in the state as they may be foreigners.
There is no rule of law on this.
for I am God, and there is none else" Isaiah 45:20-2
Abhilash Banarwal urged the school authorities to train the teachers to be able to explain to the children during the lessons. demonstrate.
D.ha on Nanotechnology.
Then, between 1960 and 1977, various student organizations emerged, such as the Hills Students Union (HSU), the Khasi-Jaintia Students Union (KJSU) and the Shillong Students Union (SSU).
Three schools including Sonapyrdi Govt.
With this victory, Mawmang have qualified for the semi-finals.
“So we need to choose the cross of repentance which means turning to Jesus and doing good works to pray and doing works of repentance from bad to good," he said.
When he died, they cut the body into three parts and placed them in plastic bags.
Reachingson Kongwang said the increase in electricity bill has surprised and angered the FKJGP and the people of the area because the MeECL department does not care about the people especially during this time of lockdown when they cannot even earn a living.
Remember my friends, my fellow Khasi, if we are not careful, if we don't take good care of ourselves until 2022 the disease will come again in the second wave.
The 15 government departments that are not yet in the district include the Assistant Registrar of Cooperative Societies, the Assistant Director IPR, the Office of the Joint Director of Schools Education & Literacy, the Divisional Forest Office (Wildlife), the Divisional Forest Office (Social Forestry), District Librarian, Office of the Executive Engineer, (CEW) A.H & Veterinary Office, Office of the Executive Engineer, PHE Electrical Division, Office of Executive Engineer, PHE (RWS) Division, District Sericulture Office, District Urban Planner/Town Planning Office, Executive Engineer, Urban Affairs, District Handloom Office, Weaving Inspector.
This is our goal and to achieve them.
Sri Lanka, which is among the leading teams in the race for a place in the tournament, now finishes fourth with earnings of $200,000 (T.1.65 crore), while the teams The remaining players, New Zealand (No.6), Pakistan (7), West Indies (No.8) and Bangladesh (No.9) will be awarded $100,000 (T.82.7 lakh). .
“The refusal of the Dorbar Shnong New Nongstoiñ to allow the HYC to hold a meeting in the market, has strongly suspected that there may be something behind the village leaders and this suspicion has now become public. “It's been a long time since the NPP supporters have accused the leaders of the HYC of being ksew,” said Wantei Lyngdoh.
In the past few days, there has been a stir over the nomination of filmmakers from this state to be sent to the thymmei where famous filmmakers from all over the world have come together and received to meet and train with other filmmakers.
According to him, even the Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma has already said this at a public meeting held in Garo Hills.
Shillong: The first website in Meghalaya has been created specifically for people who want to find suitable marriage partners for Khasi and Jaintia.
Dondi also urged the government to think far ahead on the marten, as this landfill will no longer be able to accept the garbage from Shillong.
Another accident happened at Umling at 8:30 pm when an empty truck number AS 25FC 8376 collided with another vehicle. The driver of the truck, Arjun Chetri of Pahamlapong Nongpoh, was seriously injured in the incident. The driver of the truck sustained minor injuries and was rushed to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment. The driver of the truck was rushed to Bethany Hospital Nongpoh for treatment. fled the scene.
The Minister said that more than 700 villages in the rural areas of Mizoram will be covered under this scheme.
While we Khasi who are of the same race, we are running backwards as the days go by.
This is an example for other villages especially in the rural areas to hold such a competition so that the youth and women can showcase their talents.
However, when you walk around, don't be afraid of being hit by vehicles or by the vendor,” said the Minister.
The conflict between those High-Levels and the people in power has affected everything and the glory of the state is at stake.
The Holy Spirit speaks plainly that in the last times some will fall away from the faith.
On the day of the office blockade, it was seen that the government has deployed security forces at the offices, roads and around the places where the police patrols are moving around the city.
This step is a shortcut by the government because when it comes to the schemes it says that you only want to implement them, but you don't understand the meaning of implementing them.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 661 active cases followed by West Garo Hills with 389, Ri Bhoi with 140, West Jaintia Hills with 84, South West Garo Hills with Khasi Hills 65, Eastern West Khasi Hills 56, North Garo Hills 48, South Garo Hills 33, East Jaintia Hills 36, West Khasi Hills 37 and East Garo Hills
The book of Revelation tells us that the first beast is a world ruler who fights against God.
“By growing multiple varieties of vegetables, we continue agriculture throughout the different seasons of the year," he said.
To persevere in achieving one’s purpose amidst the many struggles and challenges each day and to use one’s strengths for the greater good, that is the essence of true leaders.
Furthermore, in connection with the lack of time of the employees of the CHC, we appeal to the relevant authorities to take the necessary action on this issue, otherwise the union will take other strict measures. .
He said that all these cows which died first, came out of the house and did not eat anymore, and then their legs and legs were bleeding.
Speeches were also delivered by Bansharai and Ïohdorlang.
Let's look at them:-1) Refusal to quarantine:- There are people from the villages who go to study, work or work in other districts who fight against the rules of the village when they return They should be quarantined for 14 days.
According to Bah Macmilan, the claim that the present DC is skilled in the work is not grounded, because other DCs in the past were skilled, but the difference with the present DC, the He is very clever to post on social media like Facebook what he has done, while others don't want to post about what they have done.
“It was at 12 o'clock in the morning that we telephoned him and the phone turned off. We were surprised because he is a person who never turns off his mobile phone,” said Bah Fullmoon.
He said that he had proposed in the KHADC dorbar that the boundary should be based on three pillars; first should be determined based on documents, maps, second based on people living in those areas as well as land owners, third to negotiate between the two The Government should try to transfer those villages to Meghalaya or Assam according to the choice of the people or to decide to transfer those villages to Meghalaya or Assam. based on the fact that the people of Meghalaya or Assam who first settled in those areas.
“The transformers inside the village are unsafe for children and livestock because they have not been installed or have any safety measures to avoid injury,” said the President of KSU Priang Unit.
He did not think about his vote bank which affected him to lose the MLA Election,
For more information and assistance, applicants can call the Help Line No.85880-52636 and can also request advice by e-mail through the e-mail address help@cmelevate.
Many of these people are selfish people who please their bodies in selfish desires who throw children on the road to the forest and don't understand the blood of their mother. lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God.—2 Timothy 3:1-4
Shillong, Lber 17: Papular R Marak has lodged a complaint that on 18th June, 2024, unidentified robbers stole spare parts of a vehicle from his vehicle. The vehicle is located at Ampati PS (SWGH).
The first Budget Session of the 11th Legislative Assembly of the State was adjourned on the first day after the Governor of the State, Phagu Chauhan delivered a speech in Hindi.
They are two ministers, James Sangma and Sngiwbhalang Dhar and two ministers from the All India Trinamool Congress, Shitlang Pale and Marthon Sangma.
Rev.HCT.Sumer said that it is a great honor for the Khasi people to celebrate the 22nd July as Thomas Jones Day.
At the same time, the party invites the people, students, youth and various political parties, who are in Upper Shillong who still have that spirit of condolences on this incident, to come. To protest against the rape of women and children almost every time in Hynniewtrep until it has destroyed the society of the country and the entire nation.
Shillong: One of the voices of the residents of Mawlong and Ichamati villages, which fall under the Shella Constituency, is for employment opportunities and other development projects in their area.
The incident also happened near Paltan Bazaar Police Station.
He said that the protest will be to show that the police from any district can no longer harass the party office bearers without any reason.
The Meghalaya Transfer of Land Bill 1971 was passed on the same ground, namely, that it is against clause (e) of Article 19 (1) and was sent to the Central Government but was approved because of the Meghalaya is a state of Scheduled Tribes where they can pass laws to impose reasonable restrictions under Article 19, he said.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaiong 1: Many villages in the border areas still have to walk to and from the area due to the lack of roads.
The NPP also demanded that the 1500 EVMs allocated for Garo Hills should be placed under strict surveillance and security. violation of the rules of law during the voting.
Rinabasuk Lyngdoh, Wandanaki Shadap of Nehru Memorial Higher Secondary School Umsning, who scored 85.50%, Nishita Damblong of Alpha English, who scored 85.50%. Josephen Ryntong of Eden Academy Umsning with 85.33%, Venessa R Pdang of James Memorial Secondary School Umbir with 85.33%, Jeffrey Syngkli of St Michael Higher Secondary School with 85.33%. Umsning scored 84.66%, Pynshadkmenlang Nengnong of Ferrando Secondary School Umbir scored 83.66%, Aibrihun Kharsohnoh of Kings Secondary School Mawkyrdep scored 83.50%. % and Markynti Syiem of James Memorial Secondary School Umbir with 80.16%.
The second flight: This happened at the time of the destruction of Jerusalem by Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon.
This woman doesn't listen to such things that happen in her life and takes the initiative to work hard to become a longbriew.
This was achieved because of the strong collaboration between teachers and students and the teachers’ willingness to make time for the children.
U Bashan Ka Kastarbridge Translation of Thomas Hardy’s The Mayor of Casterbridge.
Nongpoh: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on Tuesday visited the Byrnihat PHC, announced that the PHC will soon be upgraded to CHC. The PHC has served about 50,000 people and has the right to be upgraded to the status of CHC. Senior Health Officers, Dr. Aman War, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, Bah Victor Ranee, Doctors, Nurses and Village Leaders of Byrnihat area. Through this meeting, Dr. Aman War, explained to the village leaders of the area about the COVID-19 pandemic and at the same time, Speech by Bah AL Hek, who praised the Rangbah Shnongs and the health workers, in which he said that without the cooperation of the Rangbah Shnongs and the health workers, only the government itself cannot do anything.
Those who are 80 years of age or older and those with disabilities have the opportunity to vote from home using a ballot paper.
The French, as a rich nation, praised and praised the Khasi for his good manners.
The Minister said that he has received requests from many students and workers from the North East who have expressed their desire to return to the state to spend their money. hi to the expenses themselves.
Shillong,Lber 03 : The Executive Committee of the Kur Sten Dorbar Pyllun Meghalaya-Assam held on 02.03.2024 in Shillong has unanimously decided to send its best wishes to all the youths of the Kur Sten Dorbar Pyllun Meghalaya-Assam. The HSSLC & SSLC Examination 2024 will start today.
After checking the information sent by Satish, it was not found that he was sent for election duty, as the poor were allowed to go for election duty.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The BJP Youth Wing (BYM) Meghalaya on Tuesday confirmed the new office bearers of the BJYM West Khasi Hills District at the party office in Nongstoin. .
Also present on the occasion were the ADG of NCC NER Shillong, Maj General Gagandeep as the chief guest, the management of NIFT Shillong and students from various colleges from all over the country.
The Meghalaya government from the Congress government to the present Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has respected the status quo, while the Assam government has continued to build various structures on the border. .
Shillong, June 07: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) has alleged that the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) has been forcibly encroaching on the land from Byrnihat to Khanapara without any what is your opinion on this matter?
Therefore, it is now clear that only the Rangbah Kur or anyone else who is authorized by the Kur, can issue a certificate that he or she belongs to the Kur, with the consent of the Kur. Executive Body, which shall clearly indicate the names of the parents and the place of birth and residence.
Speaking at the meeting , the office bearers of the ASDC expressed their desire to get a full time Principal of the school as for about two years , the school has been looked after by one of the teachers As the principal incharge, they also expressed the need to increase the number of staff at the school. The chief guest, Bah Stephanson Mukhim, said that he will take the message to the government. He said that the government has already approved up to 7 posts to be filled in the school, but now the work is in progress with the school. government has to follow the rules that have to be followed.
However, the court said bail was not meant to end the matter, but only to ensure that the woman did not abscond.
This method of electing the Syiem in Bri u Hynniewtrep has not been a pleasure for the children of the thousands of Hima.
Rising Star scored 94 runs in 9.2 overs for the loss of four wickets.
The KSU leader said that the road has been in deterioration for 3 or 4 years now and it is from Mawsmai to Sohbar, Wahlong, Shella and the deterioration of the road has affected the income of the people. He said that the fare which should have been charged only T.30 tyngka has to be charged up to T.50 tyngka and besides this it has also affected the attendance of tourists in the area. Sohra like Thangkharang Park, Khohramhah, Rymben Valley and others where tourists turn away due to the poor condition of the road.
With the cold, the flowers withered and fell to the ground.
At the same time, the Kur under the group of Bah Living, has strongly criticized Bah Asirshon Thangkhiew, accusing him of being involved in the creation of riots within the Kur. They also said that they had staged a strike and protest on the grounds that the rangbah had treated the kur unfairly.
Since ancient times, pig farming has been a source of income for the people of the state.
The hearing will be held on the 1st of July
Besides these, there are other widespread crimes, rape, rape and assault on women and children, men and women.
He was sent off for a red card in the first match of the tournament against Pakistan in Bengaluru.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the essay on 'Electoral Literacy for Stronger Democracy'
Meghalaya has won another title and honor through four Jeet Kune Do players who won the 2nd World Jeet Kune Do Championship. Sri Lanka.
On the 30th of this month, the Registrar of Geographical Indications, Chennai, has announced and awarded the Geographical Indication Tag No. 741 for the Lakadong shynrai through the Journal No. 185 Part 1 of the Government of India.
On the other hand, the President of the Rangmei Naga Students Union, said that the union will take strong action against those involved in the attack on the drivers of petrol trucks.
“This VC is not working for the welfare of the students but is only trying to persuade the Delhi authorities to implement the NEP,” said NEHUSU Finance Secretary Mandor Diengdoh Swer.
This song sends a message that the Ri Khasi Jaintia needs to turn to God and do the will of God because these days sinful deeds are rampant.
The incident happened at 1 pm, when the house of Bah Plo Lyngdoh, who was alone inside the house, was burnt down. and they smote him suddenly, until he had taken away the life of the old man.
The Ethics Committee of Parliament has decided to propose to Parliament to revoke her membership after finding that the actions of the MP from West Bengal are against the law. the functioning of the Legislative Assembly of India.
Shillong: U Bah Lamkyrdan Sungoh (34), of Umtrew village, Ri Bhoi District, has surrendered to Umiam police station this morning after he insulted a religious group in a few days ago.
“It was found that through the implementation of this scheme by the central government for the construction of village roads, sports grounds, fish ponds, garbage dumps, pig pens, chicken pens and others, the the villages have been made to grow in terms of income and livelihood".
Another incident has happened in Jowai, where an ATM machine of SBI at Ladthalaboh, Jowai near Petrol Pump has been robbed at midnight on Sunday. May.
This article is a general recommendation for the government and also for the families of those who have returned from abroad.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the residents of the area said that they face many health problems and when they are sick they go to Sharhali Beltola to get medicine. It is only three or four kilometers away from this area, it is said that to discuss the problems of the people is impossible to explain.
The owner of the vehicle said that the man who stole the vehicle was wearing a blue shirt and lodged an Ejahar at Lumdiengjri police station.
Her colleagues also cannot predict how many more MPs they can win.
In the quiz competition, the winners were Bene Volence Dkhar and Esadaka War, 2nd prize Odakani Shwa Myrchiang and Waphrang Khlem, 3rd prize Maya Phika Pan and Kerry Myrchiang.
Regarding the distribution of household tins to the poor, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, expressed his satisfaction that as a leader, he has been able to hand over these household tins, which he purchased through the SRWP scheme. of the year 2021-2022, which he has long wanted to hand over to those families who are entitled to receive it.
I want a strong priest.
The BJP, which is the ruling party in the state, has won in 75 constituencies, while the JDS has won in 27 constituencies.
Tarni said it has been decided to invite applications from any candidate who wishes to contest from the UDP for the 2018 MLA election.
In the second match, Lakadong Ummat SCC played against Lama YSC at 1:00 pm. The match was very spectacular between the two teams. Lama YSC played at home but Lakadong Ummat SCC didn't count when they played well today by scoring 2-0 goals and these goals were scored by Deibor Rymbai scored the second goal in the 41st minute and Miki Lyngdoh scored the second goal in the 45th minute.
“We should not say Khasi Jaintia Garo, and in my life as a politician I have seen that there are only one or two Garo ministers.
The foreigner, who was driving a ML 05 N 8784, came to Mawdiangdiang early in the morning to break the garbage at Mawdiangdiang. state, he left by car and entered the Institute of Hotel Management.
“Through the MIE, we provide training to the farmers.
Shaidalin Marbaniang, from Riangdo, has come up with a new idea to make napkins that will not pollute the environment.
“The reply I received from the POI Deputy Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, (Political) which clearly replied that the Government has refused to release this report under section 8 (i)(a). ) and section 8 (i)(g) of the Right to Information Act
Richmond Interim Police Chief Rick Edwards on Tuesday evening said seven people were shot in a shooting during a protest, three of whom were are in the midst of great danger.
In the past, the papers were burnt in the garden and the vegetables and other food items from the kitchen were thrown into the manure which was a hole dug near the garden and when one hole was filled it was buried. and he gave it to another.
Earlier, the residents of Pahamrioh, sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, and urged him to take action or to inspect the Dhabas in this village. , in which they lodged a complaint against two Dhabas, Highway Dhaba-2 and Sardarji Dhaba.
The total number of votes cast was 3,005 and 62 votes were rejected.
He said that the District Council has not thought carefully before issuing the order to hold the election for the election of Doloi and if it proceeds it will lead to disruption in the peace and order.
The principle of authority goes hand in hand which means that the husband is above his wife, he sees the respect of the family and there is respect, forgiveness and mutual understanding.
The beginning of the environment:- The beginning of the environment is described in Genesis 1:2,3
The President of the HNYF-Western Region, Bah KS Rani, said that West Khasi Hills is not a place for crime to be committed by the government.
In his speech, Union Minister in charge of Housing & Urban Affairs, Hardeep Singh Puri spoke on the vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to bring about changes for urban areas. they are not well prepared.
In Nongstoiñ, it is the heritage and honor of the HSPDP that this leader has led the nation.
In a complaint to the Director of Health Services, Bah Hek, the Symbud Lamphang, on Monday, urged the government authorities to punish those who commit crimes. duh ei my soul is precious.
The ceremony started in the morning from the house of the Langdoh of Blai and the Knia went into the Duwan Dupat in the Holy Forest.
He said that as a group, if they have received a firm decision, they will come back to the people to consult and then they will decide together to confirm for the sake of the country. The 2023 elections will be held from 36th constituency.
Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh has been elected from the Shillong Lok Sabha seat while Agatha K Sangma has been elected from the Tura parliamentary seat, NPP President Prestone Tynsong said.
It is learned that the letter of request of the KSU/JC/2022/12 dated 23.09.2021 and another letter of reminder Ref No.KSU/JC/2022 dated .2022 to the Project Director of the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), Shillong but until now the demand has remained unresolved.
Agatha said she took the decision to resign without consulting her supporters. “Just to allow her brother, she didn't invite her supporters to “I don't want to talk about them, it's their job but I just want to say that just arranging a house to do whatever the people want is not right,” said John Leslee, former MLA of South Tura. constituency in an interview with Rupang.
Nongpoh: A poor family in Nongbah Myrdon Village, has received a new house after members of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, Myrdon Circle, who went to help in the construction of the house. longkmie.
P.C".
“There is a need for the Government to set up a team of inquiry as the Government has spent 1.47 lakh rupees for the improvement of the ambulances every month but there is no improvement of the ambulances. "It's an ambulance," said Bah Kharraswai.
The 91st episode of Mann Ki Baat was aired in the days before Independence Day.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday announced the name of Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon as the party's candidate for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
The meeting was attended by Minister of Home Affairs Roshan Warjri, Minister of Health and Family Welfare AL Hek, Minister of Urban Affairs Ampareen Lyngdoh, RV Lyngdoh and Principal Secretary Prashant Naik. other government officials.
At the same time, while informing that many of the private schools which charge the annual fees receive financial assistance from the government, Bah Adelbert asked how the education department. The book is based on the monthly fees paid by private schools.
The Kamtapur Liberation Organization (KLO) is one of the armed groups operating in the North East of India – especially in Assam and also in some parts of the country. of the state of West Bengal.
Mawklot SC opened the scoring through Paila Rapsang (7 min) while Lummawbah SC opened the scoring through Deron Kharpuri in the 33rd minute.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the union, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, said that although the state government has increased the price of petrol and diesel by 7 tyngka, but only for a few days. The Government has increased the price by 2 tyngka which means that the Government has increased the price by only 5 tyngka.
The residents of Tongseng Narpuh in the rally demanded the imprisonment of Ramesh Dkhar and his group as they are a threat to the society.
“We have to strengthen our demand, we have to strengthen our struggle, by which the people have to give their support.
Therefore, to get to this point, I would like to say that if these places and hills and valleys, the villages will become the names of the villages of the foreigners as mentioned above, do you mean? How can we still believe that this is our country? Have you forgotten that many lands that our nation has lost and can no longer be owned? Do you have evidence to prove it? Will that testimony be legal and fair? Does Righteousness and Truth (the court) no matter how fairly it judges, do you intend to destroy our property? Have you forgotten the slogan “Khasi Go Back!”?.
NEHU Shillong and MLP have won the fourth quarter final of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) Cricket Tournament on Tuesday. Inter Office League 2022/23.
The All Meghalaya Karbi Association (AMKA) is deeply saddened to learn through the media that members of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) have been attacked while they were investigating the incident. The construction of a police outpost at Saba village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
This has shown that the sting of the police or the security forces is not the rich or the poor.
Shillong: U Chief Executive Member (KHADC) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah HS Shylla today announced that he has withdrawn the word 'ia umsnam' which he did not speak at the meeting. ha Iewduh recently during the inspection of the kilo harvest of farmers.
They came by force this morning at 5 pm and threw puh-shilum,” said one of the shopkeepers in the area.
In terms of medicines and emergency health centres, the people have received some support from the BSF but in terms of pregnant women it is difficult, because they have to carry them. and many of them died in the midst of the way.
“The land within the city has its own land registration fee based on square feet, there will be considerations for raid, kur and law kyntang land and price reduction.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Police of the Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) West Garo Hills have arrested two drug traffickers near Tura market on Tuesday morning.
The residents of Block-II in Ri-Bhoi district have been worried that the area will be annexed by the Assam government which plans to create a new district of West Karbi Anglong District. Block II. President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Block II (SKRSTB) Bah B Sohtun together with leaders of civil society organizations including Ri Umsnam People's Alliance (RUPA), HNYF, CORP, RBSU and others spoke on the occasion. They demanded that the Meghalaya government should fight against the transfer of 17 villages of Raid Nongtung in Block II to the new district.
Raj Bhavan scored 123 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 20 overs.
The imagination sometimes carries the feelings of a person when sometimes it feels like it has come true.
On 27th June, 2021, a young boy from Assam was arrested.
In East Khasi Hills District, there are 518 cases of Covid-19, of which 226 cases are BSF personnel, 233 cases are civilians and 59 cases are Armforce personnel. cases in Ribhoi District, 16 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 17 cases in East Jaintia Hills District, 16 cases in West Garo Hills District, 4 cases in South West Garo Hills District and 2 cases in South Garo Hills District.
The 1st Inter Raid Nongbri Knockout Football Tour has been launched by the Raid Nongbri Knockout Football Tour. 2024 on the 5th of this month at Thynroit.
Therefore, he said that with the cooperation and trust, the challenges faced by the Council will be overcome.
Bisonroy Iano President Laskein Block Area Sports Association was the chief guest on the occasion. Bah Phriwel Lyngdoh teacher incharge St.Dominic higher secondary school Mawkyndeng.
In the last three years since the inception of JJM, through the initiatives of the States/UTs, the number of such centers has decreased to 612 and
Regarding the revenue, S. Nagarajan said that as in West Bengal, Dear Lotteries has been able to pay a lot of revenue to the government, in just 10 months. It has been able to collect up to T.400 crore in revenue and the government has been able to collect a lot of revenue.
Let us conclude with a song taken from the book of Reverend Thomas Jones Memorial Day, “From Sohrarim to Rangjyrteh, From Nohkalikai to Nohsngithiang; ,That the Lord God hath established it.
The celebration was attended by BIDS students from nine villages, including students from Moosniang Jongdeng, Moosniang Rim, Rangad, Moonongtdu, Lumputhoi, Cham Cham, Mutong, Mulang and Murang.
Thop and minot read the books every day.
Meanwhile, he donated money to the farmers of this village after these farmers came to meet him in the past few days and this donation will be part of the encouragement in their work. their.
“If you look at other ethnic groups, when you look at issues related to the country and the ethnic group, the leaders go to Parliament to protest, such as the inclusion of the Bodo language in the fifth schedule of the Constitution. The MPs have protested even in Parliament.
In Uttar Pradesh, many people have been displaced due to rising water levels.
“To be good people, what do you have to do? Stop eating meat immediately" and he called the young men to take an oath not to eat meat anymore.
This action of Amit Shah has angered and shocked the people of Meghalaya especially the political parties of the state who are waiting for the day of Amit Shah's visit to discuss the issue. to implement the ILP in the state.
Bah Kharkongngor said he has a letter sent by the Council to the Dorbar Shnong to inform about this and the Dorbar Shnong has accepted the letter.
In the under 55 kilo category, Ph Ranibala Devi of Manipur won the gold medal in the weight category of 84 kilos and 100 kilos, the silver medal went to Boni Mangkya of Manipur. Arunachal Pradesh won 75kg in snatch, 94kg in C&J and total weight of 169kg, and L Nilam Devi of Manipur won 74kg in snatch and C&J. It can weigh 92 kilos and a total of 166 kilos.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: Two phases of the clean-up of Wahumkhrah of KHADC have been completed, the first phase has been completed at a cost of T.6 lakh while the second phase has been completed at a cost of T.3.50 lakh. amount.
These schemes include 100 households who received the poor scheme of T.35,000 to build houses, 150 households who received the scheme of T.15,000 to repair their houses and 400 households. who received T.8,000 tyngka to improve their agricultural activities.
Of these 25 cases, 13 are from Kamrup Metro, 4 from Cachar, 3 from Dhemaji, 3 from Barpeta and 2 from Kokrajhar.
And in this way they became longkmie from generation to generation.
Rafi suffered 80 percent burns and died in hospital on 10th June
“It also shows the corruption of the government and its officers which affects the future of the indigenous people.
According to the F&EC, Mawkyrwat, the incident happened on July 30, 2023 when the deceased was identified as Bah Bekstar Lapang, 43 years old. The dewlynnong has been flooded for several hours and has been unable to work or climb to the surface due to the sudden rise of the water.
The Minister said that in the midst of the fight against COVID-19, those people who have not yet registered themselves under the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) can register at the time of their treatment. himself.
On the CBI investigation, he said that the two governments will request the investigation team not to register the case in Shillong or Guwahati but to register it in other places where there is no objection.
There are people who are sorry for their bad luck that people count them as zero, whether in village or church affairs.
However, this time, as he won from the BJP, he was able to donate more than Rs 188 crore to the people.
“It is not enough for me to serve the church but this leadership to take part in the rule of law is by the guidance of God, I feel,” said Pastor Basaiawmoit. Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
After the MDC elections, it was seen that the ethnic parties in KHADC stood together to hold power to stop the Congress party and at that time they formed a group known as the All Regional. At that time, the HSPDP had 7 MDCs, the UDP had 6 MDCs and the KHNAM had 4 MDCs. .A few months have passed and Bah Ardent has held the power as CEM, but later there has been a change because the UDP does not like Bah Ardent and wants another CEM from the party. One of the MDCs of the HSPDP, Gracemary Kharpuri, has resigned from the party but has decided to support the ARPA. Ardent resigned and handed over to the UDP to elect the CEM but it did not work and the seat was handed over to Adelbert Nongrum.
The celebration will be enriched by the students who will take part in various games , two football finals and other performances by the students and after that there will be speeches by the chief guest .
The question is, is there no one else in the Congress except Bah Pala? Or does it just want to put behind leaders who are more skilled than Bah Pala? Joannes JTL Lamare, Kynton-U-Mon, Nongkrem.
Earlier, Jesus left the Temple in Jerusalem, and his disciples showed him the buildings of the temple. he shall not fall.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Iengskhem Diengdoh, MDC candidate of KHNAM who replaced the Rangbah Shnong.
Besides, he said that it is very necessary that these 71 villages should be in one Hima, whether they are in the Rambrai Hima or in the Myrïaw Hima. it doesn't matter, but they should be the children of one kingdom and not two kingdoms as they are now.
Also present at the inspection were MLA Gavin Mylliemngap, MDC and CEM of KHADC Titosster Well Chyne and others. Hek said that the government should provide adequate facilities in the health centers in the Sohra area as it is not sufficient yet and there are many urgent needs.
At the same time, Kong RM Kurbah, urged those who intend to enter the state to enter only during the opening hours, from 10 am to 5 pm. The government cannot do anything to those who come beyond this time and they have to return to their place of origin and come back the next day.
It is a shame to see the decline in the value of Khasi culture in a country known as a country of tipbriew tipblei.
As long as we get the support of the NEC, we will be happy to use it,” he said.
As the hearing of the NGT will be held on the 19th of this month, as a sign of concern, over the action of the NGT, it was decided today, to hold a curfew, of 12 hours throughout the State.
Where will the leaders raise this issue in the State Legislative Assembly? In the first part of the party's agenda it is written in large and clear letters “IMPLEMENTAION OF ILP” and we stand firm on We will be with and support anyone who demands this issue.
Mawkyrwat Presbytery Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat Women's Association won the tie breaker by 4-3 goals against Kerlin's Secondary School and Mawlangwir Women's Association beat Horirai Memorial Higher Secondary School by 4-3 goals. Photography-Rangthong scored 3 –
“Is it right for the villagers to be despised? Electrical disconnection should be the same for everyone.
In the past, once they increased in education, they increased and became more perfect in morality.
What is wrong will remain wrong even if everyone does it.
The scheme will be implemented soon and the target is to complete it by November
Meanwhile, the United States, since last night, has begun sending warships to the coast of Israel to prepare for the fight against Hamas.
Although the BJP has won 303 seats in the 2019 Lok Sabha elections in India, out of 282 seats in 2014, its Shillong candidate, Bah Sanbor Shullai, Although he was third, he did not reach even 1/6 of the 784279 votes cast in the Shillong tournament.
Ampareen said she will investigate where the false announcement came from and as the Minister in charge of Health, she will take care especially of the poor women.
At the same time, Bah Pala also questioned the government's lack of involvement from KHADC to those involved in these areas before signing the MoU. “When there is a signing of a MoU or soskular die, there are no witnesses but there are no witnesses in the MoU.
Dhoni attended his first school at DAV Jawahar Vidya Mandir, Shyamali, now known as JVM, Ranchi, Ranchi, Jharkhand and it was here that he first started playing football and badminton.
It is learned that so far, no meeting has been held on the border issue to resolve the issue.
He spoke about the dangers of mining and said that if this activity continues in the next 30 or 40 years, the area will turn into a desert.
The 16 MDCs who signed up include four PDF MDCs including Banteidor Lyngdoh, Blanding Warjri, Grace M Khapuri, James Sylliang, three HSPDP MDCs, Samlin Malngiang, Teilinia Thangkiew and five UDP MDCs. Four NPP members including HS Shylla, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Jansing Tynsong and Victor Rani and independent MDC Ricky Shullai.
The first issue is to establish the Department of Arts and Culture, the second is to establish strong rules for the preservation of the hills and rivers and the third is to fix the boundaries of all the Elaka. During the meeting, the CEM promised to take the necessary action.
The meeting was opened by the prayer of Rev AI Kharshiing.
When they reached Mahari Petrol Pump and found the Swiggy food delivery person, they shot him and after that they went to Jaiaw Pdeng and entered the ES Restaurant and shot dead the two students. from Kerala who are still eating at the restaurant.
After this, Elijah the Prophet came and prayed, “O Lord God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob (Israel), hear me, O Lord God, for you have turned their hearts.
With the passing away of these two leaders, the question arises to those who are interested in discussing this issue, whether there will be anyone to follow up on their demands after the death of these two leaders. who don't have anymore.
Police have taken him from the road behind the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills.
“About 500 flags were raised today including the students,” said the president of BJYM. They were beaten and bombed like animals by the police.
The Committee also visited various project sites including Mandovi Riverfront Promenade, Flood Mitigation Works and Integrated Command and Control Center in Goa and inspected the current status and progress of the project. The Mission has 7,800 projects worth T.1.8 lakh crore of which 5,700+ projects (73%) have worth T.1.1 lakh crore (60%). price) are complete.
“Papa, come home, the enemy has opened the door of our house and we have fought against it and the blood has flowed on the door of our house.
Shillong, Naitung 28: Three out of 42 persons who have been admitted to the Civil Hospital Shillong this evening; after two days of staging a hunger strike.
When I get here, they will say, 'The MDC is through the law of the Government of India, not according to our custom', I will say, 'The ST is also issued by the Government of India. don't say anything about that ST'
However, as I said, this is related to NHAI as it is a National Highway and is not under the jurisdiction of the State Government.
Ampareen Lyngdoh was elected as the working president, Marthon Sangma and James Lyngdoh were elected as the working president.
There was a feeling that we should have a committee of intellectuals to think and shape this issue in a way that will bring about a law.
In November last year, the Manipur Legislative Assembly, for the second time, decided to implement the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, 1873, which demanded that the Government of India, The Government of India has refused to implement the Act.
While we are still fighting against the BJP and every day the BJP is closing the door through the Enforcement Department and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI),” she said.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that the people of the state still have the knowledge to cooperate with the government to respect the lockdown as it is still rare to find those who violate the rules or orders. The Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya.
Satya Pal Malik, gave a special greeting to all the students, which is their special day to receive their awards, after their hard work in their studies and encouraged them. to them to continue their studies and research in various fields.
Let the forests remain in the village to be taken care of by all the residents from children, youth and elderly, women each and every one.
People with high blood pressure need to eat plenty of fruits and vegetables, foods rich in nutrients such as potassium, fiber and antioxidants and low in salt and sugar.
He was appointed as the President of the BJP Mawkyrtung Unit and Bony Lyngdoh as the Secretary.
“Those who marry clean cannot just give Khasi jait so they have to adopt new jait according to the customs and traditions,” he said.
However, on the same day, police recovered the vehicle from Bhangarpar, Cachar in Assam and arrested Dhona Bordoloi (28) and Md.Scroz Khan (19).
Khliehriat, July 13: U Minister of State, who is also the MLA of 6-Khliehriat Constituency, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, on the 11th of this month, visited Bataw village and distributed seven coins. Work Order, to seven groups including religious organizations, sports clubs, schools and other groups, on behalf of his supporters, welcomed Bah Kyrmen Shylla to the meeting held. at the Dorbar Hall in Umlatap.
A nation that spends its nights just to steal from others doesn't reach anywhere.
When asked why he chose his own son to contest the MDC election, HDR Lyngdoh said, “This is the reason why all the opposition candidates criticize him. My supporters chose my son to contest this election, not me".
kik-shi-kiew: the one who cannot speak, the one who cannot move forward.
Police have arrested Shekh Samim, who is suspected of involvement in the robbery, and have also questioned several close friends of Nursad who have revealed their names. to Sam.
Thousands of people attended the ceremony, while TMC leaders including Dr Mukul Sangma, President of the National League for Democracy (NLD) TMC in the state, George B Lyngdoh, Vice President, James Lyngdoh, General Secretary, PW Muktieh, former MLA Mawhati and many others.
We will find the blessings of Christmas in our own lives but what is needed is that we share them with others.
Two MLAs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF), Banteidor Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew and Gavin Mylliem from Sohra, have joined the National People's Party (NPP). on January 6, 2023.
Thus, the following year, in 1863, the British Government signed a Treaty with Syiem Mile Singh of the Hima Mylliem.
Se Lajong once again had a chance to score another goal.
The reason is that the cost of paying taxes at the revenue collection gates of the Syiem, Sirdar and District Council revenue collection gates is very high.
According to the report of the House Committee, the KHCF has received T.95,22,000 from various donors including Lafarge Umiam Pvt.
The executive engineer was identified as Kedia G Momin, Sub Divisional Officer of PHE in Bajengdoba, North Garo Hills while the contractor was identified as Tarseng Ch Sangma of Rongkhon Songgital. , Now.
Earlier, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, had said that the government will not call for talks with the party while it continues to commit crimes to disrupt peace and order.
Regarding the demarcation, the government has continued the demarcation process in the second session of the Regional Committees.
The promoted Police Officers are DP Marak, IPS as Inspector General of Police (SB/Border), Dr Raghavendra Kumar MG, IPS as Dy Inspector General of Police (WR), Kong C.A. Lyngwa, IPS as Dy.Inspector General of Police (TAP), Jubi G Momin, IPS as Senior Superintendent of Police (AID), Pawar Swapnil Vasantrao, IPS as Commandant of 1st MLP Bn.
Caption: The MLA handed over the equipment to the choir office bearers.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, together with the District Sports Officer, today concluded the Inter Office Basketball Tournament, Mawpoiñ & Tan Tyllai Basketball Tournament on Tuesday at the JN Stadium Complex. , Polo.
The food items distributed to the tuberculosis patients, including rice, pylleng, umphniang and other food items, were distributed to more than 30 tuberculosis patients who attended the programme. day.
Nongpoh, Naitung 31: Another organization, New Dawn Meghalaya, Ri-Bhoi District Unit today came forward to protest against the increasing power outages in Nongpoh area, after many residents complained about the overloading. The electricity supply has caused a lot of trouble to the students, entrepreneurs and other needs of the people.
On receiving information about the incident, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongtrai Sepngi Unit led by Slinglang Mawsor General Secretary, Kyntiewbor Nianglang Vice President and other members, on receiving information about the incident, rushed to the scene. borti, jaiñ, dabor, and a donation of money to help the family.
When you have lived together, you have to feed her, and when you have children, you have to pay for it. “Ha ... ha ... ha” they laughed.” Peter agreed.
However, the father survived while the son was drowned in the water and went to places where the father could not help.
Therefore, the Seng also opposes those foreigners who come to offer equipment in the villages and townships that they should not enter the village without permission from the Village Authorities and also from the Seng Samla Shnong. ask permission first.
Shillong: The EM incharge of the Elaka, Bah Jambor Warm, on Tuesday said that if there is an agreement and understanding between the Hima, the State Government and the District Council, the Assam Government can implement the project. developed in border areas.
Why don't all the foreigners in Meghalaya want to settle in Tamil Nadu? Why don't non-Tamil foreign men marry Tamil women?
“I bought the land from Emlang Suja and my son used the land to mine coal, but after the NGT ban, we stopped,” she said. and this reporter.
There have been many incidents where lyngkars have robbed young people inside their vehicles even inside the villages.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Narpuh Circle, through its publicity secretary, Samla Pyndap Syiemlieh, on Tuesday said that the people of the area have suffered a lot due to the excessive use of local drivers. The fare, without considering the problems of the people especially the poor, as this has seriously affected the traffic of the passengers.
I just don’t like being heavy.
“If this is not stopped, I am afraid that the land owners will become foreigners in their own country,” said the KHNAM MDC. the action of the Chief Minister on this issue which is of great importance to the state and the nation.
It was in the extra time that the Pastors and Officers showed the spirit of competition and which really impressed the people.
Police said that the victim had a gunshot wound to the leg.
They also said that they were able to seize only sleeping clothes.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki, IAS has urged the Waheh Shnong/Secretary of Hingaria to allow the NBCC to erect signboards in the village on the India-Bangladesh border until March
We have allocated up to T.35 crore for the construction of the road from Baromile to Chokpot because the road in this area is very bad,” he said.
The death toll has risen to 12 and 2 are from East Khasi Hills District.
On receiving the complaint, the police have registered a case under the case dated 02(01)2021 under Section 9(m) /10 of the POCSO Act.
He climbed to the hills of Jammu and Kashmir, Punjab, Haryana, Maharashtra and descended into South India and climbed back to Kolkata and came to the North East.
Hearing the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) on the case, the bench of two judges, Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh, said that there is no doubt that the opinion of the The bridge at Umiam may not be able to accommodate the traffic of heavy vehicles.
At the same time, he said that the HNLC's talks with the government are not a surrender.
They were sent to the court of the Judicial Magistrate 1st Class.
Besides Ajit Pawar, the Maharashtra government already has another Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Devendra Fadnavis of the BJP. Praful Patel, Amod Kolhe and Sunil Tatkare were also present.
From spices including Kaji nemu from Assam, Khasi Mandarin from Meghalaya, Cardamom from Manipur, Cardamom from Sikkim and Juniper from the eastern Himalayas, Cherrapunji gin is a rich commodity of the North East.
“The problem of the buyers is that they are not allowed to cut kilos because sometimes there are farmers who throw away bad goods, and if they are not allowed to cut kilos, the buyers have to choose the goods and this will put “There is a problem, the jhur is cut, the kilos are cut and exported,” he said.
The Seng said that it is not against the mining, but its concern is for the welfare of all the residents especially for the school children. people who are sick and need treatment among others.
Speaking to reporters, Goswami said the Prime Minister had briefed him on the situation in the state in terms of insurgency.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that there are 17 projects implemented under the Smart City Project including the construction of parking lots which are nearing completion and underway, rainwater harvesting system and other other.
According to the Human Development Index (HDI) 2019 released by the United Nations Development Program (UNDP), India ranks 129th.
Assam government on Tuesday said that a member of the ULFA-I has surrendered to police in Dibrugarh district.
Only those who have scored 55 per cent and above from class 10 and above fall under the Nongthliew Area.
Cavani and Saurez, who were the team's goalkeepers, did not have enough chances to score on this day.
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya through the Principal Secretary (Labour) Bah DP Wahlang today deposited 1000 tyngka to more than 5000 employees who have registered with the Government through the Labor Department of Meghalaya. .
He said that since the appointment of the incumbent Director, there has been a loss of PG degree and this is also because the authorities do not want to continue the course and there are some many studies have been recognized and these have also been done, through the intervention of the court.
They said that in the rural areas, there were more money distributors than money recipients before the voting.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Summer Football Tournament 2022 has been inaugurated by Kong Ridashisha Tariang at Nongshilliang Football Ground, Jongksha.
The project was launched in June 2006 and is scheduled to be completed in March
Replying to the statement by the Congress candidate, Bah Marbud Dkhar who alleged that the NPP has bought three leaders who are candidates for the 2018 election, Bah Pathaw said that He bought these leaders with love, and also slammed the opposition candidate by saying that if he doesn't have a strong mind, he is not fit to contest the election.
The question to Conrad Sangma is, if the CBI comes and registers a case in West Karbi Anglong, what will happen to Mukroh? The crazy lut nadong shadong.
The marathon will be held on the 13th July 2022 from Jyntru to NSCA Indoor Stadium Umlyngkdait from 6 pm.
There should be awareness programs in Ri Khasi, we have heard many times that our youth are being misled, especially those from the rural areas.
If they need to come for treatment until the time of birth, it is three or four days and they need to stay near the hospital.
If it's just for the sake of the flood, why not help if they come with knowledge and understanding, but it's not the flood, it's the intention of the riew shui-hui, to come and see and to Kamrup-West Khasi Hills is located in Kamrup-West Khasi Hills.
This festival is very exciting, and there are times when the excitement reaches its peak.
As soon as Lanosha saw that he had come, she quickly took the pla snieh and said immediately, “Let's go and find the night...” She immediately left the house.
The project was implemented with the assistance of the District Grant of RI 3240 which is an example of collaboration between the Dorbar Shnongs and the Rotary Club of Shillong Heritage and the Club's goal to provide services to various villages.
He said that the group or society has acknowledged that it is ready to come into the Dorbar Shnong but their problem is that they want the Deputy Commissioner's office to send a letter to them to resign. under the supervision of the Dorbar Shnong and therefore, the work is still pending to this day.
and B.E. among the Khasi.
Nongkhrah Rangbah Shnong OP Lyngdoh Mawroh together with other Rangbah Shnongs who took part in the donation.
"His ability will help to produce talented players for Bengaluru FC, so I welcome him and hope that he will be able to carry out the task entrusted to him," said the Director of BFC football by Darren Caldeira.
At this meeting, Bah Ardent explained to the Rangbah Shnongs on the need for a revolution and to demand that the central government should introduce strong laws that can provide adequate protection. for the indigenous people of the state.
Therefore, he urged the people not to talk nonsense, but to think again and again to govern themselves.
Instead of arranging peace talks with the HNC, they reached the border of Sam.
Dr. Decruse said that this year, the so-called 'Link-ART Centers' have been increased – 20 in Noting that the number of people living with HIV is lower in Garo Hills, she added, “We are more focused in Khasi-Jaintia Hills and 60 out of 100 people are living with HIV/AIDS in Garo Hills. Those infected with HIV are in East and West Jaintia Hills.
Speaking on this occasion, the Executive Member of KHADC in charge of Trade, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor said that the Council will continue to crack down on Dkhars without permits, according to the law.
The new office bearers of the Sohiong Block Congress include Bah Badonbor Mawlong as President and Bah Hambert Thangkhiew as General Secretary among other office bearers.
The statement said that the SMS has already failed in the provision of drinking water, lighting of roads, garbage collection, maintenance of public buildings and market maintenance. who fall under its jurisdiction.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest in his speech expressed his blessings to the students of the College, for their progress in their goals.
Shillong, June 20: After the expiry of 12 days, the Women's Wing of the State Government has given time to the Labor Department of the State Government to clarify the notices sent to Khasi shops not to register. , the department has not yet provided an explanation as demanded by the union.
The passing away of (L) Mihsalan Suchiang is a great loss not only to the family, but to the UDP Party and the country and the nation as a whole,” said Bah Chyne.
Matthew 9:2.
The Traffic Department has estimated that in 2012 there were 206 accidents in which 56 people were killed and in 2013 till November there were 152 accidents in which 30 people were injured. die.
When asked about the demand of the TMC leaders and MLAs in Delhi on the border MoU to cancel the border settlement MoU signed between Meghalaya and Assam and the demand that the Indian government should Samla Lambokstarwell said, “The same people who passed the resolution on the ILP and they are the The same people who don't talk about the ILP show that they have ignored the prayer they made when the resolution was passed in the Legislative Assembly of the State. “But even the opposition and their passage of the resolution to demand ILP is just a drama,” said Samla Lambokstarwell.
At the time of writing, it is not known on what grounds they arrested the KSU member as the police had closed the gate of the Sadar Police Station.
The SLPGC has also decided to update its portal and include more services to assist the people.
“I am grateful to the Government of India especially to our Minister of Education for his support to Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Government of Meghalaya has sent to the Governor of Meghalaya the program for the mid-term MDC elections in 7 constituencies where the MDCs who have resigned as MLAs have resigned. The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the government has already sent the proposal to hold the mid-term MDC elections to the Governor. However, the date of the meeting has not yet been announced as it is still a secret and has not received the approval of the Governor.
The money was sent through their bank accounts, so that there would be no accounting when they went to withdraw the money, for the purchase of materials used in the construction of the buildings. their houses.
“We are confident that we will win more than we won in the last election and we will break all the records won by the NDA (National Democratic Alliance) in the last elections and to learn more. get greater glory,” said Modi.
We want this issue to be resolved as soon as possible and I have urged the Defense Minister to take action as soon as possible,” said Dr Sangma.
However, many of the bus conductors have started to forget and do not believe in issuing riding slips to the passengers and they drive themselves without following the government's directives.
After the victory, Carlos will have to prepare well for the tougher semifinal against Novak Djokovic.
“As a nation, we must have a spirit of unity whether it is in sports or in any other field because unity brings victory.
Miss Lukha 2020 was organized by Sookini Sutnga, Miss Tourism Queen World East India 2018, Miss Cherry Blossom and other titles.
To conclude this article, I have a question for you readers:- If a man married to a man rapes a woman, and if a woman married to a woman rapes a man, what will the law do? ? Do you have a rape case? (Experienced Pastor - 11 years in the ministry, 16 years as a Presbyterian Pastor and 4 years as a Pastor of the Church of God).
Joplyn Dkhar, President of the Mahila Pradesh Congress Committee, Meghalaya, in her speech, said that the people have to face suffering, they have to face the burning of vehicles because the state has been destroyed. rule by children who do not have an adult mind and who do not want to make adult decisions.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Sohra, on 21st June 2022 under the leadership of the President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Samla Mesadapbor Skhembil and the Education Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Sohra, on Tuesday distributed the leaflets to the schools/colleges in Sohra as part of the efforts to improve the morale of the students in the area.
Therefore, the question arises whether the electricity bills of the people cannot cover the debt because the electricity bills are increasing from year to year? Another question is whether the deterioration of the electricity bill is only from the people or from the government offices because if it is only from the people but from the government offices they count stieng. only to the public electricity consumers.
Therefore, the question of demanding something is endless, therefore we can demand many things here but what is important is whether we can use this Shnat Treikam for the benefit of “The region and the state and the citizens,” said Conrad.
According to the World Health Organization, this is all due to the lack of services available and many other barriers to everyday life.
Therefore, the school and the students will continue to protest until these boundaries are removed and at the same time, he acknowledged that the area occupied by Assam is It is still part of Meghalaya as it has been since ancient times.
That means that the benefits of the state will be taken away in order to promote the self-organization throughout India.
No.Edn.49/2015/Pt.1/505-A.It is true that they don't have time to hold other jobs besides the job of teacher.
This decision was taken to ensure 100 per cent enrollment of children in all schools after it was found that the part-time dropout rate of children in the state has increased significantly. reviewed the reports from the districts.
Speaking on the occasion, Nangaibormi Sutnga said that the change in governance will come only if the voters understand the need for a clean and transparent governance by avoiding being bought by the power of money. .
Earlier, Bah Reming in a short speech said that he is not the only one who joined the UDP but he came with thousands of supporters.
In a statement sent by Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, Spokesperson of the Party, the Party would like to express its agreement with the feeling expressed by Bah Albert Thyrniang that there is a threat of religious discrimination. bad politics.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Sikkim by 83 runs in the U-19 Coach Behar Trophy plate group match against Sikkim at MCA Polo Ground, Shillong today.
Those who violate this order will be punished according to the Excise Acts & Rules.
The Waheh Shnong of Tongseng Narpuh, Chewanbiang Rymbai and the Secretary of the Village, Saman Phniaw, said that Ramesh Dkhar has been the owner of Tongseng Narpuh since the day he was born.
On the other hand, BJP President Ernest Mawrie added to this statement by Bah Sanbor Shullai by saying, “As Bah Sanbor has already said, allow us to hold the rule in the state and we will do what is necessary.
Roy said the new CEC will soon meet with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to look into the MRSSAB. “Therefore, we will meet the Prime Minister to look into the MRSSAB and the questions of the MHA,” he said.
Anastasia Kharlyngdoh has been a Board Member for 12 years and Methodius Dkhar has just won the election from Mawshynrut constituency from the HSPDP. you are the Director.
DM Suja, ADM East Jaintia Hills, who was the Chief Guest, expressed her gratitude to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for the ability of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to hold this conference. They will receive various trainings based on the current era on how to provide treatment to the seriously ill.
The office bearers of Lummawthar Village including the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Julius Sujai, Secretary Kynsai Shadap and five members of the Executive Committee were elected and appointed.
The cows and the two men were handed over to the Amlarem Police Station for further investigation.
The Waheh Shnong of Khliehtyrshi, Ma Kitbok Rymbai, said that despite the opposition of the village, the district authorities are still coming to announce the public address system in Khliehtyrshi under Section 144 CrPC which prohibits the collection of More than 5 people are 2 KM away from the bread station in Pangit.
He said that his goal in joining the MMA is not only to improve himself but he also wants that when he retires from the MMA, he will be able to set up a training center. of South West Khasi Hills District.
The teachers and founders of Kid's Tarari said that the loss of Cafina Nongsiej (15 years old) has been a great loss.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The State Government today announced that students who apply for the Post Matric Scholarship 2016-2017 no longer need their Aadhaar number.
Anyone who has information about such illegal entry from Bangladesh to India is requested to inform the nearest Police Station and the names of the informants will be kept confidential. Now.
There will also be a Red Ribbon Quiz Competition on HIV/AIDS, a Marathon (Red Run 5Km).
KSU Narpuh Circle has expressed its surprise at the allegation by Bah Vincent Pala MP Lok Sabha from Shillong Seat against those who oppose the death of fish in Wah Lukha, by alleging that those who oppose are those who want money.
He also reminded the youth to be ready to come forward if the jaidbynriew demands, because we have witnessed and seen in these days that the government is silent on many issues that the party raises.
The good news for the MLAs is that the MLA scheme has been increased from T.2 crore to T.2.5 crore per MLA and the total expenditure has reached T.136 crore. ten years.
“You can imagine when I was in the Congress but we had other Congress candidates in my constituency,” she said. Two of them have joined the UDP, while three others are still in the race whether to join the NPP or not. at the same party or go to other parties.
JP Nadda, President of the BJP, today said that the Citizenship (Amendment) Act is pending for a while and said that the Act will come into force soon in the country.
However, one of the reasons why we passed the Amendment Bill is to include Shaw Bhoi in Ri Bhoi District.
A video of his speech in 2002 has spread widely on social media.
“The state government should talk to the central government to conduct a new survey before erecting shiah signs on the border with Bangladesh,” said CCIB spokesperson GH Kharshanlor.
He was shifted to NEIGRIHMS by his family members. The injuries were serious, police said.
He said that the DMK's promise to provide a bus for women has not come true as the scheme has been issued only for pink buses.
He said that the strength of Meghalaya lies in the people of the state, who show unity despite the differences.
New Delhi: Samajwadi Party leader Akhilesh Yadav today said he has not been vaccinated against the coronavirus and will be vaccinated against the coronavirus. Uttar Pradesh has been vaccinated against the corona virus.
After investigation, the police have sent them back to Khliehriat as the government has not allowed them to travel from one state to another.
The marathon started from Petrol Pump Laimer and was inaugurated by Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister of State and MLA of Mylliem Constituency as the chief guest.
The union reminded the Prime Minister that the statement of the Chief Secretary of the state that the mining of coal in the state is not mining, but that the people of this state are mining according to their knowledge.
Shillong Sports Association including five members.
After studying Theology, he was ordained a Deacon and later a Priest on 19th November 1977 in Mawlai Parish.
He said that after receiving the report, the government will take the necessary action.
He said that these incidents which happen from time to time have become the time for the nation to wake up and understand where they mean and where they will lead.
And now this target has been increased to Rs 3 crore to make Lakhpatis.
“The praise we have received from the players and officers from different states has been very encouraging,” he said. very difficult task.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District (EKH) has issued an order to allow the opening of food shops in Shillong and other areas adjacent to the city including Mylliem C&RD Block. .
The match between the two teams will start at 2 pm at Kalinga Stadium, Pitch 1, Bhubaneswar.
He expected that the relevant authorities would see the work of the club members especially to promote this popular sport in the state and the country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Monday came out to demand that the government should suspend the registration of Aadhar numbers. before the introduction of the National Population Register (NPR) until the implementation of the rules to prevent the entry of foreigners into the state.
Explaining this incident, DHS (MI) said that on 27th June 2022, it received a phone call from the Project Director of MACS who said in a loud voice, that a person has been killed. They used the MACS rooms at the old campus of NIFT Shillong provided by the DHS(MI) office and found that this person had broken the lock locked by the MACS. I rushed to see what had happened and when I arrived, I found that the rooms of NIFT were used by a man I knew as Dr T Jamir who did not identify himself as Dr T Jamir. I asked who gave him permission to use these rooms,” said Dr Aman War.
These two elections are examples for other states that have been ruled by one party for many years.
The Assam Rifles on Saturday seized 498 kilograms of marijuana worth T.2 crore from a man in Dhalai district of Tripura.
He said that this is a great challenge, but almost all the employees of various departments, especially the Fire and Emergency Services, Army, Air Force, Assam Rifles, BSF, Police, Ki District administration and the residents worked together to extinguish the fire.
“According to the People With Disabilities (PWD) Act 1995, every government office should have a walkway designed to allow disabled shopkeepers to walk,” said Kong Lawai. For those people who need this white stick, you can get it from the government hospital, Shillong Civil Hospital, CHCs in all parts of the country. district.
“Bha kein... Bahnah I love you so much because I met her yesterday and she gave me a drink at the taxi stand before I went to work.
Even a little representation and signaling in this area is what can make a lot of difference.
Mukul has joined the TMC along with 11 Congress MLAs.
When asked, Syiem said the Congress will not be able to join hands with other parties to come to power as it is the biggest party.
Synod Higher Sec School, Mission Compound 19.
Where will this politics in front of the traders lead the state and the country as a whole? Politics in front of many people is one of the things that they don't think is necessary, but it cannot be said that it is the most important because it is in charge of the administration of the country.
The EM in charge of the KHADC Trade Department, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, while talking to reporters, said that according to the report from the Enforcement Department, the EM was informed that when they went to Laban to close down, Sanbor Shullai said that the KHADC authorities have not informed him as the leader and also the village authorities. Laban, please don't chess because they haven't received an order from the EM that even if there is a problem, they shouldn't play chess.
“After the talks with these Congress MDCs, we will talk to another group of MDCs who have the same goal,” said a party source.
It is learned that these doctors from the veterinary department not only arrested the vehicle carrying the cow but also took the vehicle and the cow to the Police Outpost in Umsning with the intention of registering a case. The farmers who supply meat to the market according to the needs of the people are concerned about this incident.
He said that there are cases where the government has received about 100-200 reports, but only two or three are true and grounded.
The Nongthymmai Cultural and Sports Club Huroi today unveiled the statue of the founders of the Nongthymmai Cultural and Sports Club Huroi.
Hek said the UDP's proposal to have a joint candidate for the MP election from the MDA is sufficient but it will be unsuccessful if it happens like in the mid-term elections in Ranikor. The BJP has two MLAs in Meghalaya, which is also in the MDA government led by the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, NCP, and individual MLAs.
If you don't have a hospital, you don't have a doctor's advice.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that the state government has received a letter from the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). in relation to the proposal to negotiate peace.
This was announced by the Minister in charge of the department, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, while talking to media on Thursday after a meeting to review the natural disasters in the state since the beginning of the year. rainfall in July all month long.
Speaking on this occasion, he expressed his concern over the seizure and recovery of vehicles of farmers' vehicles carrying vegetables. is returned.
You may wonder why I say that, the reason is that now our nation is no longer able to stand up because if we stand up, the shiah will fall. even foreigners who are close to equal in population to the citizen.
“On 29.2.2024, the Hill Farmers Union of West Khasi Hills District, together with the farmers of Umyiap area who are also our members, met with the DC of West Khasi Hills District. The DC has promised to help them pay for their expenses.
This shows that the writer does not have any facts to support his/her opinion except to spread.
On this occasion, the Mawlai Nonglum Women's Wing and the new office bearers for the year 2023-2028 were also confirmed. Bahun Kharlukhi as Secretary, Spelincy Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi and Nianti Kharpan as Assistant Secretaries, Sanbha Mawlong as Organizing Secretary, Magritta Pyngrope as Assistant Organizing Secretary, Arshavina Tariang as Treasurer and 22 members.
It is also widely grown in the hills of the United Provinces where it is called 'marna'
He said it is the duty of the youth to choose the path in life and the goal is to stand on their own feet, not to ask for accommodation from their parents.
Contact No.: 7005481120E-Mail Id: k.
Mrs. Silver died at 8 pm.
According to the report, discussions are underway between several ministers to resign from their posts in order to intensify the protest against Mukul Sangma.
These snakes, which have increased in number, have not only destroyed the fields, but have now reached the homes of the people, entered the schools, hospitals and around the villages and now, The Australian government's Channel 10 News Sydney reported that in April this year, these snakes have spread to villages in Sydney. The locusts will invade Australia's largest city, Sydney, and destroy food, homes and workplaces of various government agencies.
Nongrum said that now is the time to immediately dismiss their own employees and show that they want to work for the people, otherwise it will be the government that thinks only for the sake of the people. middle.
Shillong: The State Government has increased the grant for night and step schools to T.20,000 for Secondary Schools and T.40,000 for Classes VI to VIII. He said the government has decided to increase the grant to night and step schools of 15 Secondary Schools and Upper Primary Schools in the state.
The success of the launch of Chandrayaan-2 has further elevated India as a space super power.
When the reporter tried to get information on whether the UDP will contest the MP election, it was understood that the UDP has decided to contest the MP election, but not. It is not clear whether the HSPDP, which is the second largest ethnic party in the number of MLAs, will contest the upcoming MP elections.
Careme Phawa, General Secretary Panaliar, conducted the opening ceremony.
This was announced by the IAS Commissioners and Secretary, Personnel and AR Department, on the 21st of this month.
“We can look at the entry of people who are suspicious of the implementation of the ILP. The government will get all the characteristics of that person once he comes to enter the state,” said the HSPDP leader. and added that the government by getting the information of a person can also easily arrest him when he commits a crime.
A source from the Dorbar Shnong said that the reason for this is that there will be no Dorbar Shnong once a year on these two days.
The DEO has received the report from the sector officer and the police and confirmed that there has been a violation of the MCC and the result of this is a show-cause notice sent to the Hek through the your party has not provided an explanation on this.
He said that the free coaching camp will be conducted by the Kyrmen Foundation while the technical experts will be from Ragdajied United FC. Center inside Pine Mount School.
Before reaching home, Panah sent Rida to play chess.
All members and supporters of the party are invited to attend the meeting on the scheduled date and time.
The PDF has accused the ARPA of not paying the T.200 crore sent by the Congress-led EC of KHUDA to the 14th Finance Commission.
Hundreds of Christians and their supporters today held a mass march from the Sacred Heart Cathedral in Central Delhi to the residence of the Union Home Minister. Rajnath Singh.
“In fact, since the departure of Dr Mukul Sangma, many of the youths who have come to meet me to express their happiness, that after Dr Mukul Sangma has left the party, I hope that other younger candidates will be able to lead the party,” he added.
Shillong: The AICC General Secretary for North Eastern Region Luzinho Faleiro has admitted that the Congress itself is watching and standing to protect the identity of the people of the North East but the BJP is doing nothing.
Shillong, Iaiong 27: From the clear signs, which was witnessed today at Upper Shillong on the road to Lum Shyllong, it is clear that there is a serious corruption in the distribution of ration. It was found that many plastic bags of ration packaging from the state government were broken on Lum Shyllong road which is above Sangmein.
He said the unused land at Polo between the Polo Towers and the Majestic Hotel will be handed over to the Urban Development Department from the Forest Department for construction as a parking lot.
Sixth cycle (after 21 days):- Cycle as in fifth cycle.
They also announced that such programs will be conducted from time to time to assist other Hospitals and Blood Bank units in Meghalaya.
In West Jaintia Hills, 79 cases were reported from Jowai, Mukhap Cluster 3, Laskein Raliang Cluster 3, Riatsaliya Cluster 7, Mookyndur Cluster 16, Mukhap Cluster 5, Nongtalang Khlachympa Cluster 5, Shangkha Phlang 5, Sodia Cluster Cluster 9.
She asked the investigation, whether it was this woman who was not allowed to meet the DSWO on 13th June 2014?, why the police did not allow these two women to meet to take their statements. by THAT? Who are these two women who are hiding without being allowed to speak to the DSWO? And why doesn't the DSWO meet them?
Vitaly Gerasimov, the country's second-highest-ranking soldier, was shot dead last month, followed by Major General Andrei Sukhovetsky. The airport is in Hostomel, about 30 miles from Kyiv.
On the visit of Punjab government leaders to the state to address the issue, Syiem said that foreigners should not come to address the issue. The residents of this area have violated the rules by turning this area into a market and the Hima Mylliem has not yet issued a license to them.
They have dedicated their bodies and souls to the school authorities even though they have not received any assistance from the government such as the construction of a building worth tens of lakhs of rupees.
Therefore, we need to take better measures, especially by empowering the parents, not just staying because we want to be a special nation, lest we become just water carriers, farmers. households and relatives of each other in the days to come as Myllung Soso Tham has warned from the past, or we will disappear completely to remain only in the writings!!.
He said that after the residents of the area have complained from time to time, the union leaders through the Right to Information have sought an explanation from the Public Information Officer of the Rural District. Development Agency of West Khasi Hills, regarding the operation of this Block.
Therefore, the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District has requested and encouraged the parents and relatives of children under 0 to 5 years to come forward to vaccinate their children. children as well as poor mothers in order to have a healthy body and to avoid superstitions or rumors that could destroy the opportunities provided by the government through the department health so that no child is left without an injection.
Have you ever eaten wild tympew? I am surprised that I have never heard of such a thing.
He alleged that the NEHU authorities also prevent the students from forming groups to hold religious services according to their beliefs to worship freely as enshrined in the Constitution of India.
The PAC delegation was led by Paul Lyngdoh, MLA from Shillong West Constituency as Chairman, Ronie Lyngdoh, MLA from Mylliem Constituency, Hopefull Bamon, MLA from Sutnga Constituency and Bluebell.
He said the committee was set up on the request received by the KHADC on the need to relocate some villages from one constituency to another.
Ayoshee's GreenNE helps to develop farmers and preserve the natural resources that Meghalaya and the North East have provided.
“We demand that the Notice No.200/2023 by AIIMS New Delhi should be canceled and the recruitment through NORCET should also be cancelled. to stop first".
Shillong: The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) has hoped to form a new Executive Committee soon after the election of the UDP candidate. Pius Marwein has won the mid-term elections from Langrin.
The HNLC said that this day is not only a day for the KSU to celebrate, but also for the rights of the elderly, women, women's organizations, teachers, religious leaders and students. to take part in the preservation of the culture and it is the custom of the children of Hynniewtrep Hynniewwasa.
Due to the participation of Yuva Tourism Clubs in the B20 events, the people of the state have started looking for tourist attractions in the state and people have realized that it is not only foreign places that attract them. but that it is also necessary to seek the beauty of our own state.
The Congress candidate is Emlang Laloo.
A Magik Cook shop in Garikhana area suddenly caught fire in the middle of Saturday morning.
The Assam and Naga Army have been formed by the Indian Army, said KHNAM President Pyn Dapborthiaw Saibon. and also to bring about patriotism and nationalism.
The court also said that it is the responsibility of the government or its policy to decide how far it can go behind the implementation of this system.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 09: A meeting of past pupils of Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh, was held to prepare for the 50th Golden Jubilee of the school. , the Alumni Association was established and the full office bearers of the association were appointed.
On the other hand, Naba and Bah Hek expressed their gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong Lumdaitkhla, which wanted to have a close relationship with the MCA by providing this land at a high level. 7 acres.
Likewise, the honor and praise goes to the present Editor and the former Editors and their staff who have done so much to serve the readers and who have achieved a lot in many ways.
However, when the State gained independence, it began to rule over the judiciary.
The vehicle (ML-05N 5437) was driven by George Gilbert Lartang.
He also urged the residents to take responsibility for the cleanliness of the village and requested them to cooperate from the officers of government departments, leaders for many other development works in the village.
Then there are the tribes who have made a covenant with other tribes, because of the old feeling that they have already lost their kinship, and when that happens they can no longer live together between that tribe and that tribe. dep iateh where before.
“The authorities in Delhi, those arrested in Shillong, are free,” said the poster.
The 13 political parties demanding ILP have said that they will submit their demands to the government on the need to introduce ILP in the state.
It is expected that this scheme will benefit 10,000 poor and small farmers and also to increase the production of pork and beef in the state.
LPG (Gas Tax), GST, VAT Tax, Custom Tax, Sale Tax, Service Tax, Toll Tax, Income Tax, Wealth Tax, Gift Tax, Capital Gain Tax, Security Transaction Tax, Corporate rate.
“I believe all statements were understood from the beginning.
The Rangbah Shnong of Wahthapbru, Bah Raja Chullai and Pawan Bawri, along with the Village Authority, Seng Samla and Seng Longkmie attended the meeting. of this Village.
“I don't understand the statement of the Bapli who are bound by the Sanad and have to speak against these suggestions which will bring clarity to the Khadar rule of the Hima Mylliem which has been acting for many years. They don't have any ideas. The most important thing is to think how to gather the Dorbar Hima to discuss many of the issues of the people of the thousand. I have a covenant before the children of the thousand and if I am wrong I am ready to remove the advice," he said.
That too is a new vision.
They said that recently the government has released the salary of these casual workers for more than 10 months, but the salary released by the government has not helped them ei ei, because they are facing problems. excessively and especially at such a time when the world is in turmoil.
Marconi Thongni, Assistant Finance Secretary, KSU Ranikor Circle in his speech said that through these two programmes, there will be a real donation. I encourage the youth of Ranikor area to develop their talents through sports and to lead the community, district, state and the country. country is also the same.
The banning of Bollywood movies has devastated many who do not want this to happen again.
Shillong: Following the incident of bomb blast at Center Point, Police Bazar, Shillong on July 30, 2022, East Khasi Hills Police have arrested several others involved in the incident. .
UK).
For example, they write in four letters, “Hangne ​​die doh sniang", etc. It is forbidden to put or sell lyngkrang meat in shops especially in shops near the road but not on a table. the bag is not long.
In another incident, another man, Tomlang Lamo, has been arrested by Ladrymbai Police Station for allegedly raping a girl last month. a village in the Rymbai-Iapmala area.
Only after the amendment of the Constitution and the Khadar system may it change.
The results are no longer uniform across India and students who have passed HSSLC or SSLC from MBISE have to wait for many months if they want to study abroad.
He said the BJP party is strong and united to work together and he has a strong hope that in 2023 the BJP party will come to power.
Last July, the government had to convene a special session to pass the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
The KSU Wapung Unit has expressed its deep sorrow over the increase in the fare from Jowai to Wapung which has reached 100 per head.
Shillong: There have been 467 new cases of coronavirus in Meghalaya today.
Speeches were also delivered by Kong Bartha Dkhar from Bethany Society, Dr. (Mrs) B. Buam and others.
It may be recalled that Bah Dismarlin Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi lost his life on 24th June 2019 in a clash with truck drivers in Khanapara.
For check books, banks will charge 18 percent of those who apply for check books.
They said that if the JJM scheme is implemented fully as directed by the government, they have no doubt that all these problems will be solved because all the households will have sufficient water throughout the year.
First of all, he opposed the position taken by the Meghalaya government in opposing the CAB, that in fact, the CAB should have been passed long ago, except for the Governor, who in fact, according to the rules. The Government should go and listen to the suggestions of the State Government.
Shillong, March 06 : How many people from Meghalaya including students have been stranded in Sikkim after the state was hit by the natural disasters.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EKH: 10 and RBD:
"-Amen.
Russell Crowe, who played Maximus Decimus Meridius in the first part of Gladiator, will no longer be able to star in Gladiator 2 as his role has ended.
“We are against the removal of two seats from the Central Pool” and “We need more doctors” and “57 percent is not enough and 55 percent is too little”.
She said that they have not allowed people from the district to enter Meghalaya without producing proof of Indian citizenship.
In this regard, the South West Khasi Hills District Swimming Association through its President, Bah HS Diengdoh, MCS and retired SDO of Ranikor Civil Sub Division has invited and held a swimming event. Mebansan Sangma and James Anderson Kharlyngdoh, the two youngsters selected from South West Khasi Hills District.
The houses were covered with flags in their shap ka shap.
The GSMC and HSPDP have already become full members of the National Federation of New States, led by Professor Munish Tamang.
Shillong is also a city of illegal activities of unemployed youth.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma together with the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri on Tuesday inaugurated the Nongkseh Indoor Stadium.
At present, the parties that are the most likely to contest the elections are the BJP and the Congress, and they are the ones who are the most likely to contest and insult each other just to impress each other. its own foundation and political views.
He said that initially the Seng found that there were only three households who were still cultivating this plant in the village with the intention of feeding the pigs.
Slipknot is one of the most popular metal bands in the past and along with other bands Slipknot has been able to perform around the world.
Since the independence of Rilum, Garo Hills has developed in many ways, but the opportunity to hold the rule lynter by the Garo elders has led to the opportunity to take advantage of it more and more until now, until that there is no longer a pansara in society.
Sawant, an Ayurvedic doctor and former BJP youth leader, is from Sanquelim Assembly constituency, where he won in 2017 and earlier, he was a member of the House of Representatives. the first time in 2012.
They stir up the people from time to time to get big envelopes from the Garo leaders who hold and run as they please the State Government because they love their people.
She said that the soh produced in the state is different because it does not use chemical fertilizers but natural fertilizers.
“Tip shuh Nia... I don't know why I'm suffering like this because I'm working with the police...” Niakha added.
The UPI (Unified Payments Interface) is now one of the largest tools for financial inclusion that has brought banking services to the people.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has issued an order under Section 144 CrPC to ban the quarrying of stone and shyiap from the rivers in the district without permission or mining. License/Quarry Permit from the relevant authorities and the District Administration.
Speaking to media, Conrad said the MDA government is determined to work with all the ruling MLAs including the PDF for the sake of the people.
These PPEs were handed over by Wednesday Dkhar, General Secretary FKJGP Nartiang Area Unit and Advisor Ohiwot Myria.
Tennydard also lodged a complaint with the Chief Election Commissioner of India on 23rd October with a copy sent to the Prime Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs and the Chairman of NEDA. He requested the authorities to take action to cancel the MLAship of Marcuise because he has cheated during the election and to hold another election.
A day after it was reported that the two men, Dasakhiatbha Lamre, NPP candidate from Nongkrem and Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, NPP candidate from Mawhati, had a dispute over the Mawhati Constituency. In June, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, u Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, said that they don't have that excuse, but he said that the Mawhati Constituency has been lagging behind in the past years, but Speaking to reporters, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh said that his speech on the Mawhati Constituency is He said that the Mawhati Constituency has been left behind in the past years under the rule of other parties. that it may not be left behind in all respects.
This shows that the VEC has misused the money,” he said.
The Election Department has done a lot of good to the people with disabilities who go to vote by providing vehicles to those who cannot walk and wheel chairs to those who need them.
However, we cannot say how much those answers that those great thinkers have given us can give us light and understanding about God and the evil things that happen in this world.
Linking up with those working in these fields from all over the world will open up opportunities for Indian companies to participate in these lucrative markets.
These include 9 cases from East Khasi Hills, 7 cases from West Garo Hills, 4 cases from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from South West Garo Hills, 4 cases from North Garo Hills and 3 cases from East Jaintia Hills. 93473 cases and out of these 91699 cases have recovered and 1578 cases have died.
If you are a child with disabilities, even if you don't have parents or even if you are poor, you shouldn't treat them badly. The Shnong can phone the Volunteers of this Foundation so that they can do whatever is necessary.
Nongstoiñ, November 3: The election period for the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya is only a few months away and almost all the political parties have prepared their candidates for the election. election.
Doctors who will be present on this day are as follows: For registration please call: 6009307067,
When asked whether the Government will continue to hold peace talks if the HNLC is involved in the bomb blast, Conrad said this is just a speculation but we will see when we find out who is involved.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The contest for the mid-term MP elections in Tura Constituency has been between the Congress and the NPP. The Congress party has been campaigning against the BJP. Dikanchi Shira, the candidate of the party, in her public speech, said that the BJP has been fighting against the BJP. I know that this state is a state where most of the citizens are Christians and I don't want to contest this MP election either.
When holding small meetings in private homes, it should be ensured that there will be no disturbance to the neighbors and the meeting should end by 8.00 pm.
The 21-year-old defender played for Kerala Blasters Reserves in the 2nd Division League last season.
According to research by the NITI Aayog, about 37 out of 100 (37%) people in Meghalaya are extremely poor.
THE DESTRUCTION OF THE KHASI TRADE It can be said that superstitions have destroyed, backward and destroyed our nation.
TUR said it should be clearly understood that the kinship relationship between our fellow countrymen living in India and Bangladesh has been forcibly separated by the border and line drawn when the British Government left. to my rule.
On the other hand, the Seinduli Dorbar Shnong together with the Seinduli Sengbhalang, have expressed their shock when they learned that besides these crimes, this robber last year was also involved in the robbery. Selbina Sangriang of Seinduli village, where he stabbed the husband of the woman, Dharti L Marshillong. that he is also the father of five children; He was seriously injured and not only that, the robber also shot with a jri one of his children, along with threatening to kill other children with a knife and take away. spirit even to life.
The IO also wrote an affidavit to the court on her request for clarification that they have taken a reply from Bah Nidamon Chulet and the IO said that his reply has been taken through sections 161 and 164 Cr.
In the Khasi, the divorce of the longkmie can still be arranged but the divorce of the Longkha or Nongkha is often difficult.
Shillong, November 17: TaTa NaNo has announced that it will forgive up to T.60,000 for the 15 buyers who are the earliest to buy the vehicle, and also T.45,000 for the for customers who came to buy only in November
The company apologizes once again to all the villagers for this behavior of our employees,” she added.
Hundreds of students from various universities left the meeting held at the Soso Tham Auditorium as a sign of protest and immediate rejection of the government's plan to introduce the Bill.
Jowai, Nailur 20 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District Unit led by Samla Chanbor War, Vice President and Samla Leningrad Tariang, General Secretary, today to meet with Bah BS Sohliya, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District at his office in Jowai.
Later, the word 'Diko' appeared in the formation of proverbs that appeared in Khasi books which were forcibly introduced by writers who had invented from afar without any reason and without any foundation.
Hoid I also have to say about this, I also feel that there is no education for drivers, because the world is in need of education,, to improve education is also a challenge for us,, I feel it is necessary to remove KHUBLEI,??. The government has not set the rules for pass class 8 KHUBLEI,??.
“We are still reading the report,” said Bah Kharkrang.
You are from Chokpot.
What is needed is that the people should judge what this government has done in the past three years and respond in 2023 with actions.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has summoned the Congress MDCs to appear before the JHADC in Shillong this evening.
The meeting was conducted by the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District who is also the President of the Union, Bah E Kharmalki, IAS. President: P Dkhar Vice President:.
“I request you to refrain from the explanations of those who want to take advantage of this incident for their own personal gain, either through incitement to create racial discrimination or to spread rumors. “It's not true,” said the CM.
He said that it was after a month of illness which he was released until October this year that he understood that holding two jobs is too heavy and on this basis he said. “Even the candidate for the mid-term MDC elections has already been selected, but what remains is that the party has decided to hand over the post to others. will announce" he said again.
The final of the Khasi Song Competition was attended by the President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar who was the chief guest. Oristar Syiemtwa, Sweety Lawriniang, Artis Ryntathiang and others.
The 12th of June has been declared as Drivers' Day by the former Minister of State, Bah AL Hek.
He said that the price of HSRP in the four states is T.1905 for four wheelers while in Assam it is only T.3
The union will send a letter to the district authorities and the area leaders on this issue and if the Phiels on this issue they will have to take responsibility on this issue.
Other speakers included Sohiong MLA HDR Lyngdoh who also conducted the meeting, C&RD Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, Kennedy Khyriem, Mawphlang MLA, Secretary, NEC. , Ram Muivah, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, PS Dkhar, Sirdar, Marbisu Sirdarship, Syiem, Mylliem Hima and Lyngdoh, Sohiong.
In the letter, the Chairman of the VPP Disciplinary Committee, Dr Kara H Shen, said, “As directed by the Executive Committee, we who have signed the following names would like to inform you that the party has taken note of the statements, your actions and deeds that are against you as a member of the party.
He said that the District Councils will meet with the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Authorities to discuss and give their opinion on the bill and they will come back to meet and discuss in the Committee.
I would like to congratulate Barbie Shabong who lives in Mawlai.
It is important to mention here that Mawkynbat village is located near the largest rice field in West Khasi Hills which is commonly known as the Umiap Rice Field or the Umiap (Umyiap) Square. walk about 12 k.
However, Conrad Sangma immediately fled to Manipur to join the government as the BJP and the NPP are political partners in Delhi and Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 19: An 18-year-old girl has died after drowning in a pond at Krang Suri, a tourist destination in Amlarem-War Jaintia Hills.
At that time there will be no more human rule or government, the time of human rule is over and the rule of Satan is over, because Jesus Christ will rule.
Besides Lakhindar, Ramesh Kumar Ranapaheli was also involved in demanding money from the employee and ordered her to pay on Saturday.
Speaking to reporters at the opening ceremony of the Self Help Group (SHG) Market under the IWDP Scheme at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong, Bah Langstieh said that the The initial cost of the scheme will be 20 percent which will be divided into two parts, one of 6 percent and the other of 14 percent.
Service had scored 120 runs for the loss of nine wickets before the latter wickets were scored by AP Sharma who scored 61 runs and PS Poonia. 51 runs, but these too fell to Nafees' ball.
Because I don't want you brothers and sisters to suffer like I have suffered, that the disease will take away all the oxygen from your bodies.
He said that through this forest, the Parish Mawbri also wants to preserve the trees, wildlife and medicinal plants of many kinds. Many of these have begun to disappear, due to the destruction and destruction of the forests by mankind, said Fr.Lyndem.
“As the MDA-II Government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma as Prime Minister, has appointed me as the Minister to look after the sports department, I have the responsibility to promote sports whether it is in football, cricket, karate, athletics and other sports.
On the other hand, as soon as the people heard about the news through social media, they flocked to the venue to listen to the news from the VPP leaders.
“The government has launched many schemes to create employment opportunities for the youth so that they can stand on their own feet,” he said.
Khliehmawlieh's strong comeback in the second half was due to the poor performance of the players in the middle.
Warner has also managed the team in the past and then the Delhi Daredevils and has also been the leader of the two teams in the tournament. along with his service to Sunrisers Hyderabad by leading the team to win the trophy only once in the 2016 tournament.
The evening was held at the Rhino Training Complex, Kyrkit Square, in the presence of Lieutenant General DS Ahuja, General Officer Commanding, 101 Area.
Speaking at the meeting, Jyotiraditya Scindia congratulated the people of the North East by saying that this day will be a special day when the Central Government has taken an important step in this regard. and air connectivity to parts of the country.
There are 19 cases in Ribhoi District, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills District, 9 cases in West Garo Hills District and 1 case in North Garo Hills District. people have recovered from the disease.
This has caused a great deal of trouble to our fellow citizens.
The HYC leader in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, has also expressed his sorrow to see the increasing number of Bemani activities in the area, because besides committing illegal activities, they have also committed another crime. The act is against the law and that is that they are doing Benami, that is, it is done by foreigners in the name of the Khasi.
Shillong, Lber 15: About 300 leaders and members of the Congress, UDP and NPP from Lum Garo who joined the BJP today were welcomed at the meeting. The meeting was held today at Williamnagar, East Garo Hills.
To conclude this article I would like to say a few words about the law of marriage that God has established from the beginning.
Wankupar scored the third goal in the 57th minute.
“Compared to other states including Nagaland and Manipur, the expenditure under MGNREGS is about Rs.600-700 crore while in Meghalaya, the expenditure is higher. “The government is committed to implementing the schemes from the central government,” he said.
Shillong, Jaiong : Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie today donated money to Bakyrshan Mawlong, who used to sell umsoh in Nan Polok. He gave it to him at his residence in Mawlai.
Rs 30 crore has already been sent to 60,000 farm households under FOCUS+.
He urged the participants to take advantage of such opportunities to get information and to improve their skills and also to learn about the different cultures among the ethnic groups in the country. state.
In the past few months we have heard and read on social media about cyber bullying, or harassment and insults against others on social media platforms such as Facebook and Instagram.
Shillong, Nailar 23: One day after he promised in front of farmers and village leaders at a meeting in Mawkatheiñ to talk to the authorities of the Government of India to allocate fertilizers to the farmers of the State. Meghalaya, The Minister of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh today discussed this issue with the Minister of State for Chemicals and Fertilizers. The Union Government of Meghalaya, Bhagwant Khuba, has promised to provide fertilizers to Meghalaya for 2022 according to the needs of the state.
This has not prevented them from seeing the cleanliness of this place which feeds them.
The reason for these decisions was taken after the supporters and office bearers of the UDP Mawlai at a meeting held on the 29th unanimously decided to leave the party. this party.
He said that in the last 50 years, more than 12,000 kilometers of roads have been constructed in the region, more than 700 MW power plants have been started and many good jobs have been opened under the supervision of the NEC. He added that under Modiji's leadership, the role of the NEC has increased under the Act East Policy.
“What the government can do, it has done, and recently it has increased the salaries of adhoc teachers in secondary and higher secondary schools in the state,” he said.
Let’s trust ourselves that it won’t.
“This is against the rules of the Dorbar Chnong.
Due to the rain, the overs were reduced to 6 overs.
“We think of the Council, if we don't support the NPP, the Governor will come to power.
During the meeting, many discussions were held on the problems faced by the farmers especially in the face of the Covid-19 pandemic.
Shillong, Naiwieng: The Meghalaya Small Savings Agents Association (MSA) Shillong will hold its General Body Meeting on the 19th of this month at Deva Kumar Memorial Hall, Bishnupur, Shillong at 11 am.
They said this while speaking after the screening of the film at 2:30 pm at Bijou Cinema, Shillong which started on Thursday, March 6,
“What benefits us, we shouldn't shout too much outside, shouting, dramatically, attracts the Court to look at us, and now too loudly, other communities like Muslims, others “The ethnic groups living here in the state have also demanded our share,” said the Minister of Tourism.
“According to the ILP, a person must have permission before entering the state.
Vehicles passing through the containment area are advised not to stop in the middle of the road.
He said that the presence of this special quota in the education sector has prevented many of the students who pass well from going to school while those who get low marks are more likely to go to school.
In Tura Lok Sabha constituency, there are 2,007 people over 85 years of age and 2,682 people with disabilities.
Both these villages have already proposed to the government for the construction of the Mawlai Block but the government is in trouble now and cannot take the land. He said that the work can be postponed and no decision can be taken before the elections.
In fact, this is one of the biggest challenges facing the Village Authorities, the Government and the District Council.
In South Tura, there are four chief ministerial candidates from the NPP, Charlotte W Momin of the Congress and two independent candidates, former MLA John Leslee and Chris Kabul A Sangma.
The judge said that the Rangbah Shnong can look after the welfare of the village under his jurisdiction and can also address the problems of the people under his jurisdiction. The Rangbah Shnong does not have the right to any authority or the Constitution of India to to issue birth certificates, death certificates or to identify documents, or to issue permission for the construction of houses and to borrow money as well, said the judge.
Meanwhile, players over the age of 21 can only compete in the Senior category.
Thus langkñia is a 'tienkaplang' which refers to those who fall into the trap of giving up for others.
The statement sent via Twitter by the AITC has been spread on social media where the people have expressed their surprise and said that it is a shame to the government.
He said that police from other districts as well as from other states are cooperating and are searching for other suspects involved in prostitution and trafficking.
“What remains now is to arrange the payments whether the land owners have to pay to the villages, Raids, Himas or to the Council.
She also alleged that the sying in the lyngkha lum which she had planted had been destroyed and which had been planted for several months for 20 months or more.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the preparations for the Sixth Scheduled are in progress and this issue needs to be addressed urgently. The Sixth Scheduled will be held soon.
However, it is up to the people whether they will allow the UDP to rule alone in
How affecting and fearful and terrible such an incident is.
Up to 93781 people have been infected in the past few years but 92174 have recovered.
The Bodoland Land Policy is being drafted and is expected to be completed soon.
It is learned that he was on his way to Khliehriat but when he reached Lumshnong, they robbed him of the money and tried to kill him with a knife from Ryndang.
They expect that once they have sat on the stage or rynsai, they should have more knowledge than them.
He said that as the new MLA he will meet with the President Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit to discuss the work of the people.
Noting that there are only a few people from the area who have passed the UPSC examination, he said that the jobs are run by people from the north who do not understand the feelings. the way of life, customs and traditions of the peoples of the region.
If one law applies to one person and another applies to another person, in one household, then that household, can apply? “How can the country work when there are two layers of rules?” he said.
Regarding the dumping of garbage by the factory, the FKJGP leaders said that this is a negligent act and at the same time it can also cause harm to the environment. im inside the Wah.
in to disproportionate assets homes.
“The MeSCMA is proud to announce that two members of the team have been selected to take part in the Advance Mountaineering Course at HMI to be held in Darjeeling, “The training course will start from 19th March to 15th November and is sponsored by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of MeSCMA. the state government (Meghalaya),” said the statement.
On Himanta's remarks that the NPP has failed to do its duty and has failed in all aspects, Gogoi said, “BJP MLAs Sanbor Shullai and AL Hek If you are a government minister in the MDA government, stop this drama to mislead the people of Meghalaya”.
In the short story competition, Erastos Nongrum of Eastern Ri-Bhoi Synod College won the first prize and Kiran G. Lyngdoh of Ri-Bhoi Synod College won the second prize. Kajal Kumari of Balawan College won the third prize, Hadrian Umbah of Eastern Ri-Bhoi College won the second prize and Elisa Debarma of Eastern Ri-Bhoi College won the second prize. Eureka Makri of Northern Ri-Bhoi College won the third prize, while Berna Mallai and Ibanylla Khymdeit of Northern Ri-Bhoi College won the third prize. The second prize went to Rajesh Reang and Surajit Debbarma of Union Christian College.
“My father has not only done many great things for the state but has also spoken and written many times to the Prime Minister about the suffering faced by the North East”. added Kong Syrpai.
Louis Dohtdong said the implementation of 144crpc by the district authorities of East Khasi Hills is the responsibility of Conrad Kongkal Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state.
U Blei and church.
Karnataka Chief Minister BS Yediyurappa has tested positive for covid-19 and is undergoing treatment at a hospital in Bengaluru.
Religions, churches, it ki himas and villages as well as the kur have a major role to play in the protection and development of the country and the nation.
The voters should have been shocked and ashamed of the insult and disrespect of their leaders.
For the glory of the Lord, Amen.
If this continues and if the turmoil of time forces us to follow exactly the teachings of Delhi, it is obvious that tomorrow we will lose all our customs. our customs, our ways of life, our ways of thinking and even our religious beliefs, which we have to this day.
We will also send a complaint to the National Commission for Women and the National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights so that such violence will not happen again,” said Na. KSU Mawkyrwat Circle Girls Wing, General Secretary.
“I have only seen in the newspapers that PDF MLAs will join the NPP, but the best thing is to ask these PDF MLAs for clarification,” he said.
Those who do not believe come to my house in Seiñduli and I will show you the 32 types of Lyngngam sacrifices, which I have written in the book 'Uei u Lyngngam'
The War Jaintia Limestone/Boulder Stone Exporters Association (WJLBEMA) has been protesting against the power struggle between the two government departments. The state government has decided not to stop the trucks carrying mawshun at the weighbridge.
However, the report stated that the coal came from Assam by forging documents to export to neighboring countries, according to the order issued by the High Court today.
He said that the people would not expect the candidate to reach every village, but now that there are social media and other technologies, even the candidate cannot. to reach, but he himself could deliver their message to the people.
On the third day (today) the trees will be brought back from Iawmusiang and erected in their respective villages, while the Symbood Khnong will be brought from Loomsooiung from the morning and erected at Khliehshnong.
But now peace, tomorrow hate.
" This means that the job allocation does not only refer to the vacancies, but also to the jobs or posts that have already been filled.
In 2004, with the help of Sahep W. Lyngdoh, the teacher and the school were included in the SSA Adhoc.
This is also the first time that the group has been able to celebrate its 36th anniversary freely in the State without any restrictions.
“If I am involved, I don't tell others, I don't want to be investigated by the CBI because we are in politics and the people have the right to know when it comes to corruption,” he said.
Applications should be submitted to the office of the Deputy Commissioner on or before 20th March
The court issued the order on 27th March 2021 and the court decided that Sujit will serve the sentence in jail at the same time.
The bus left at exactly 6 o'clock.
I'm sorry that this video doesn't match or doesn't match the picture of the map. If you don't have a map, God will have a way.
In another incident, a Maruti car caught fire at Langkyrding at 11:30 pm this morning.
On the other hand, the SEPSD urges the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to immediately relocate the factory to other places far from the residential areas or schools, as such factories produce a lot of smoke. pollution affecting the health of the people surrounding the factory.
“We have decided to work together in the preservation of the customs and traditions of the people of Meghalaya and Assam,” he said.
It has strengthened the clan and the nation.
“We welcome briefings and input from all different groups.
“Those who say such things should be ashamed of themselves.
Shillong, Lber 23: The NPP Meghalaya welcomes the decision of the BJP to support the NPP in the Lok Sabha MP elections in the state. Meghalaya.
There are some young men who make videos and show Khyndailad at night and how women are looking for customers to sell their bodies.
He said that the Legislative Assembly has also prepared to provide training in which MLAs from Garo Hills will learn the Khasi language and MLAs from Khasi-Jaintia Hills will learn the Garo language.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that recently the Minister of State for Education of the Union Government has inquired about Aspire and he wants all the Ministers of the State Governments to attend the meeting. For our part, we explain and talk about Aspire so that it can become a model in the country.
Lano added, “It's because I'm a good person.
When you eat rice, your body will not be hungry because it contains carbohydrates which provide enough energy for the body and also help in the proper functioning of the brain.
At the same time, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District will hold a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong District tomorrow. to establish a Peace Committee.
That’s why she didn’t get a chance, but in other films she will get a chance to act.
This announcement has upset the party workers who have also expressed their disappointment. There have also been discussions among the party workers to hold a resignation from the BJP, after this. notice.
In the meeting, the KHADC has passed the Village Administration Bill which was introduced by the EC with a paid vote. It was seen that the majority PDF group has raised its hand to pass the Bill.
In a Facebook post, Goldy Brar, who has a close relationship with Lawrence Bishnoi, one of the robbers, denied ownership, saying, “Sachin Bishnoi Dhattaranwali, Lawrence Bishnoi and I are the owners. Sidhu Moose Wala's death.
Police have arrested the driver and the vehicle and registered a case under the NDPS Act.
“We will hold a meeting on the 14th to announce the other protests,” said the vice president of the KSU. Sengbhalang on their demand and urged them to continue until the government implements their demand.
He said the state government should understand that the role of the district council is enshrined in the Constitution of India and it is the duty of the government to fulfill its duty properly.
Bah Sawkmie said that these two persons were employed in Byrnihat, as they are the owners of the area, while nine of them, as they are from outside Ri-Bhoi District, were employed in Byrnihat. Shillong, while they are employees of MUDA, Byrnihat.
He said that he has invited the leaders of the Union of Waheh Jowai to discuss this issue.
However, two wrongs cannot bring about peace (as the saying goes – two wrongs don't make a right).
The first century was also the beginning of the Christian Church and the Church continued the works that Jesus did – preaching the Gospel, healing and others.
The drugs were smuggled from the Chabahar port in Iran.
The body of Bah Winstar Kharkongor was laid to rest at the Catholic Cemetery on July 2, 2013 after being taken to the home of his wife, children and relatives. they shall be able to greet him at last.
Because they know that their end is not in this state but they will go back and end up in their own states.
In the tournament, the teams of Nongstoin Public Secondary School and St. Peter's HSS won the Under-14 boys category on Thursday.
Unfortunately, until more than a year later, the state government has not taken any action to repair or rebuild the school, except for the This is the responsibility of the Teachers and Managing Committee.
He added that in other parts of the country, they start working later than in this state because the sun rises earlier in this area.
Of course, students also need to print theses, transcripts and others for MPhil and PhD but the department cannot provide the necessary documents because it does not have the funds. department needs money and other resources too.
Shillong, Jymmang 03 : The North East Students Organization (NESO) and the Khasi Students Union (KSU) have expressed their deep sorrow and condemnation over the Manipur Government's treatment of the Zo communities. The Khasi from the villages where they live on the grounds that they live in the government or reserve forests of the State.
At the same time, the HNLC has warned the employees and the management of the department not to do the same thing again as they did in Umsawli and Mawlong Mawtaribad. face the challenge , says a statement from the organization.
He said that even when they asked for a reply to the GPS, they did not respond because the trucks were illegally driving without a Challan.
The match between the two teams was very friendly as Hanson Pdang of CSA United scored the first goal in the 58th minute. Augustine Mukhim scored the first goal for Wahiajer FC in the 54th minute.
While the approach of states varies, some states that used to have the majority of poor people have now made strides to help people escape poverty and this has narrowed the gap between states in relation to poverty.
Conrad K Sangma said that these two projects have been contracted with private companies, but due to lack of funds to implement and the cost of implementation of these projects has also increased. The Cabinet has decided to cancel these two projects.
Osborne said that in the MLA election in 2018, the family members of HDR Lyngdoh supported him, but now that HDR Lyngdoh's brother-in-law, Synshar Lyngdoh, has stood up, the family members do not support him anymore. to u.
The VPP has misled the people by holding a policy reservation on the issue of 'Jaitbynriew'
According to one of the KSU leaders, Donald V Thabah, on the 7th of November, 2013, he had taken his mobile phone from a shop in the city. He was arrested and accused of stealing two mobile phones. He was shot and beaten.
That is very clear from our side,” said Prestone while talking to media after the opening of the NPP meeting in Nongthymmai.
“However, it depends on the situation as it was in the initial boundary settlement, which took us months (to take a decision),” he said.
Outside of football, he has signed contracts with many companies such as beverages, clothing, cars, financial services, electronics, and computer video games.
Zinbaward graduated in Business Management and was defeated in the 2018 election as an Independent.
The disappearance of the morning star after the murder of his wife has caused all the residents to suspect that he may have killed her.
For more information, please call 7085941454 from the District Sports Office, Ri-Bhoi District, Nongpoh.
According to a letter sent to the Government, the construction of Mowluber Lower Primary SSA School which was suspended by the Assam Government last year should be allowed to continue and the sub center at Psiar should be upgraded to Primary Health. Center to provide quality health care to the residents.
Replying to a question, Bah Passah said that the party they decide to support will be on the basis of KHNAM. “We will not stay at home but we will go out to take part in the MP election,” he said, adding that KHNAM will not support the BJP again. He said that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) since 2002 has been the priority issue of KHNAM as well as the Khasi language to get recognition besides the border settlement.
He admonishes, encourages and teaches his fellow citizens in the path of righteousness, ethics, honor, human dignity.
It is understood that the decision will come into force from 1st June 2020 and this will have a serious impact on the price of smart phones.
The event was opened by Wanda Mary Lyngdoh Nongbri, State Director of Miss Grand India Meghalaya.
Any college can send their names before 14th July via email.
According to the complaint filed with the police, “Among those who gathered, some of them started throwing hands at the undersigned and her brothers, including the driver of the vehicle.
He said that up to 25 fire engines had to be used on the day of the fire.
During the rainy months (April – September) the village receives rainfall.
The program was opened with a welcome speech by the Director, NESAC, followed by speeches by the CMD, Antrix and CEO of Shillong Municipal Board.
You have a strong support for the Congress in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah Passah said that he will take this matter to the Director of Sports Department to inform him about the needs of the school in the sports activities.
“Many people don't know how to farm.
Congress President Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh said the aim of the rally was to show the BJP-led government that the people of Meghalaya He also urged all the people from the youth to the elderly to join hands with the party to show the unity of the people of Meghalaya to oppose the CAB. Celestine Lyngdoh said that only the Congress party has been able to gain power with the BJP in the Legislative Assembly of India through the support of the people especially from the North East.
They were also surprised to learn that the Rangbah Shnong of Pynursla Pyllun, Bah Mudonsing Khongthaw, has not received any certificate or recognition from the Sordar of Raid Shabong or from the Raid Shabong. According to an RTI request by Badariti Sohkhlet, one of the women who filed a lawsuit against Bah Mudonsing Khongthaw.
The incident occurred ahead of the visit of the US President to Delhi.
“Therefore, what we are doing now as the FOCUS or PRIME scheme is doing well and the people who have received it are happy and benefiting from this scheme,” said Bah Tynsong.
The registration fee for the service platforms will generate revenue of about Rs 12 lakh.
Speaking to media, BJP spokesperson Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, who is also a retired IPS chief, said, “Kong Nongrang is the right person to take over the post. She is also the oldest among the names submitted and has experience in the working methods of the Meghalaya Police.
Therefore, the government should take action to auction off the coal that has been mined illegally because the government has not issued a license yet.
Mizoram scored 156 runs to beat Meghalaya.
He lived in a well-built neighborhood.
In Group-A, Langsning scored seven goals in the first half.
“I want to clarify that we are a special nation and therefore we understand that only the party that has its roots here can serve for the people and not foreign parties. Isn't it the Congress, isn't the CAA passed by the BJP the Congress that has passed, isn't it the Congress that has passed the villages in Block I and Block II? Isn't it the Congress that has done these things and I want to say that the BJP and the Congress are also threatening the nation by based on the examples I have given. "It's a good idea," said Mr. Mayborn.
The holding of rallies as a flag raising ceremony helps to get adequate salaries and arrears.
It is in such a temple that God can dwell, for he does not dwell in temples made with hands, for God is a Spirit.
L Rymbui found that only two colleges have passed the CUET examination. These are Shillong College and Kiang Nangbah.
The entry fee and registration fee for players is T.3250/-, the deadline for submission of entry fees is
Police have warned all the public to refrain from posting and spreading false news.
Besides, the students have already paid T.1200/1300 tyngka for the MBOSE examination fee at the time of filling up the application form for Class XII. Otherwise, they will not be able to study this year, they will have to leave school before this year.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Central Government today approved to exempt private colleges in Meghalaya from the Common University Entrance Test (CUET).
When you renew your mobile numbers, you should bring your Aadhaar Card and the mobile numbers you are using in these fields.
Uranium miners breathe in this gas which has a cleansing power to cause cancer.
Punjab Province has been the worst affected province with 52 of the deaths from Punjab.
He also urged the leaders who have been appointed on this occasion to be humble and especially to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnong because if the youth, women and elders cooperate, it will be easier. to prevent evil deeds from destroying society.
These 10 candidates are Embhah Syiemlieh, former MLA from Mawlai constituency, Ricky Shullai MDC from Laban-Mawprem, Donkupar Sumer MDC from Umsning, Rona Khymdeit MDC from Nongpoh; Titos W Chyne, former MLA of Sohra, S Basing Roy Kharshandi of Nongthymmai, Oland Suin of Mawsynram, Macdonald Kharkongor of Mylliem. Bah Khamshai Lyngdoh – constituency.
The Shyllong Hima was known as the Saw Kher Lai Lyngdoh Hima.
“Regarding the ILP, all 60 MLAs have failed on this issue and all political parties have failed not only those in the present government but also those in the government before ," he said.
After the seizure of these trucks, Joshine Antoney, alleged that there may have been a fraud by the doctor. The animal in charge of the cows in the market, because he gave a medical report even for those cows that were sick.
On the other hand, the Working President of the Ribhoi Students Union (RISU) Armborlite Marsharing, in a statement, strongly condemned the delay in the work of the security forces. You can reach Ribhoi District.
Convinece) in Boko they can leave in the morning and come home in the evening but in Shillong it will take months and I agree with this decision.
He said that Prestone has forgotten to honor the UDP which has worked together for five years to strengthen the MDA government until the end of five years but now he is criticizing and looking down on it. The UDP said that on the evening of the 2nd they will come to ask for lyngknot from the NPP. This is an insult to the parties that have worked together in the past three years.
If the Khasi had their own alphabet, they would not have believed the Missionaries.
Kharsyntiew started this great job from a young age, to lead the Lajong Youth Team to the I-League.
According to Father Sun's commentary, the word Suk comes from the Hebrew "Ashre" and the Greek "Makarios"
“Although I have been involved since the birth of KHNAM, I have won twice as an MDC in 2009 and
The chief guests on the occasion were Pa-iem Laborious Manik Syiem, Chief Secretary Ribanroi Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Coordination Committee, Bah Monarch Shabong who is also one of the journalists. -Relatives, guests and others.
“We have unanimously decided not to issue any NOC for construction of the railway line in Ri Bhoi district," KHADC chief Titosstar Chyne told reporters after chairing a meeting of the executive committee on Thursday.
He said that according to the CEO, SMBs have to increase their revenues because they can no longer survive on the current prices due to the high demand.
Shillong, Lber: The Seng Khasi Weilyngkut 'A' will hold the Shad Suk Mynsiem on the 31st October, 01st and 02nd June 2023 at the Lympung Shad at the Seng Khasi Weilyngkut 'A' Ground as usual.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Ri Bhoi Students Union (RBSU), Everjoy Nongpluh, said that the RBSU is concerned about the construction of the bridge. They said that the government will build a new bridge and at present the people are facing difficulties to pass through the bridge because once they reach the bridge the public vehicles have to wait for the pali just to pass through the bridge. The reason is that the old bridge can no longer be used for public vehicles.
Rymbui said it was last year that the state government had decided to fill all the vacancies and has already conducted the Meghalaya Teachers' Eligibility Test (MTET) according to the rules of the Meghalaya Teachers' Eligibility Test (MTET). The Minister expressed his regret that many of the sub-divisions and districts like East Jaintia Hills, Amlarem, Baghmara, Williamnagar, Resubelpara and Mawkyrwat have more vacancies than teachers who have passed. this is the exam.
Those who wish to apply can visit the website of NEHU and follow the link below –Advertisement for the posts of Associate Professor in various departments the posts of Associate Professor in various Departments in the North-Eastern Hill University in both the Campuses at Shillong and Tura, Meghalaya.
