In the U-20 (Men), Donbok Shabong (400m), Kyrshanlang Shylla (200m & 400m), Repol Dkhar (100m, 200m), Pringchang N Sangma (high jump), Simeon Marak (high jump), Everroy Myrsing (100m), Primus Ronghi (high jump & long jump).
Shillong, Nailar 10: The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday directed the MLAs of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) to hold meetings. to the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly to join the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) ahead of the 2023 Assembly elections in the state.
However, when I turn to the villages, I see that people turn to the Congress, especially if it is in the rule of law or in peace and order, especially for us Christians who are the only ones. “If the Congress is strong, there is peace and trust in the Congress than others like the NPP or UDP are afraid and are not ready to. stand in the midst of trouble.
He said that it is unfounded to see that such posters should be put up, people who just come to the area, do not understand the value of dignity and manners in the Sohra area.
“As party leaders, we have directed the Minister of Home Affairs to punish those involved in throwing bombs against the protesting teachers. the women and the little ones.
Akbar is currently in India for a meeting in Abuja, Nigeria and has not commented at the time of writing.
Because in this area near the river, when it rains, it gets flooded and they can't play anymore.
In the first match at 9 pm at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium, Lumshyiap SC beat Upper Shillong Colt 0-2
Abdullah was charged under the PSA Act yesterday, while earlier he was charged under the Criminal Procedure Code.
When asked how the Assam Government will take steps to resolve the boundary issue on the land of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council as it has its own authority regarding the land, Himanta said. He said that the Government of Assam and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) are the same in one state.
In a phone conversation, DC Isawanda Laloo promised to take action against these troops, said a statement from Bah S. Marweiñ, Organizing Secretary of HYC Shillong City.
To mark the Teachers' Day, 21 teachers from the village and 11 students who passed well in the SSLC including Veronica Kyndait who passed with 86 percent were honored. .
On the other hand, the Chief Guest also distributed various prizes to the winners of these tournaments.
In these days, the heat and humidity in Shillong and other parts of the state has been extreme.
The National Democratic Progressive Party (NDPPLP) of the 14th Legislative Assembly of Nagaland at its meeting held at the 14th Legislative Assembly of Nagaland. The party has elected Neiphiu Rio as its leader and appointed him to lead the newly formed government.
Hek said that so far, 11812 samples have been tested, 11455 negative, 330 results are pending. There are 44 confirmed cases of Covid-19 in the state, including 13 recoveries, 30 still infected and one death. .
Looking at the match, it can be said that Lajong had more control of the ball and kept inside the goal of the opposition from the start to the end.
The match between these two teams, even after a struggle to score, but until the end of the first half, they could not turn the tide and had to fight to distribute the points.
Those who have land should come and clean up their land.
“To curb such crimes which have been increasing from time to time, the party has also decided to take the initiative to implement the 'Syllad naphang Operation' to fight against them. “They are bloodthirsty people who have destroyed the society of the Hynniewtrep people”, said the President of HANM WKHD, Bah Willstone Sohshang.
Even at the Secretariat, new faces were seen.
For the first time that the song has been released, the band is asking for the audience’s support.
The public hearing was held in West Jaintia Hills with the participation of coal miners, coal miners and residents to learn about the requirements under the MMDR Act, 1957 and Mineral Concession Rules,
Three other Islam guards including Bibith Sangma, Logindro Marak and Damien Momin of the MLP 2nd Battalion have been suspended.
The match between the two teams was very interesting and friendly in which both the teams fought hard to score.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Police have lodged a complaint against two young policemen for allegedly sending one of them to run for interview.
Police have arrested Marshsi Nongrum, 28 years old.
It was after the meeting on 24th November that Assam launched an attack on the three borders of Mizoram, Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh.
The Minister was accompanied by Mawsynram MLA Bah Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang, who led the visit to these villages affected by the floods. Engineer et al.
According to his understanding, KAS should inform the Government to allow the leaders to speak in Khasi.
The Chairman of JHADC, Lakhon Biam, adjourned the meeting with no other issues to be discussed.
Bah Nongrem said that the VPP Spokesperson does not understand the value of showing mercy to the poor because what makes these people happy is that if they ask for mercy, the people will not be able to show mercy to the poor. They said that they were unclean, but they themselves were seen clearly that they were completely covered with the power to ask for mercy.
The organization would also like to thank all the people who have supported its players who took part in this tournament.
In fact, the Gibeonites were part of a group of nations that fought against the invasion of the Israelites into Canaan.
“As human beings, we should respect the environment because many of the hills and rivers have been destroyed by the widespread felling of trees and damage to the waters of the rivers”.
If there is any disturbance and disturbance of peace, the organizers of the program shall take responsibility according to the rules of law.
Those Khasi-Jaintia villages and areas which have been transferred to Assam no longer have the status of Khasi or riewlum as they used to in our state of Meghalaya.
The tournament lasted for three days and started on the 14th and will end on the 16th June
It is really sick to see that the tourists who visit this place always proclaim its uniqueness.
, 2016-2018, he completed his Master of Philosophy (M.Ph.
These speakers on this evening spread the message of love and joy in this time when we are waiting for the incarnation of the Son of God and as Christians we must be those good news messengers as the angels brought the good news of the birth of the Child Jesus which shows that we should be those good news messengers for the family, society and the state hi all.
From them, 10 boxes of soap containing heroin worth T.1.6 crore were seized.
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi has been attacked by protesters on Tuesday while he was on his way to visit Uriamghat in Golaghat district on the border with Nagaland. land which is the place where the bloodshed occurred.
The two patients and their companions have appealed to the Karbi and the Assam police to allow them to go to hospitals in Meghalaya to buy medicine and treatment, but their request was ignored and they were sent back to the hospital. B.Shadap from Lapangap said that the village has been affected by the heavy rain and wind.
Shillong, 07 K The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, today said that the government has accepted the nomination of former MDC Irin Lyngdoh as the new MDC of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). , will be sent soon to the Governor of Meghalaya, V.Shanmuganathan for approval.
According to the RTI reply, the ADM said that the question has been sent to the Uranium Corporation Limited of India (UCIL) for a reply.
Shillong: The State Government has decided to impose a two-day curfew in Shillong on the 13th and 14th of November
Shillong: U MLA of Mylliem Constituency and Minister of MDA Government, Bah Hamlet Dohling today visited Nongkseh Village which has been declared as Containment Area Z Category since the 13th of this month. month and will end on the 23rd of this month.
Speaking on the occasion, she expressed her sorrow that if the Khri River is flooded, the farmland, villages and townships will be flooded and all the people. The affected villages will become refugees and the future of their children will be very difficult.
Sreenidi, also from Hyderabad, is one of the strongest clubs in the I-League this season and has witnessed a beautiful game and more difficult to score.
The District Council finds it difficult to improve and benefit the country as a whole because of the presence of chiefdoms.
Police have recovered two pistols, two magazines and unused bullets, an SBML rifle, mobile phones and others.
There are those who throw coal on the road.
He said that it cannot be said that the reservation policy in Meghalaya is unfounded and biased in terms of population and the rights of the disabled and other issues. which are the cornerstones of the policy have been rejected.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Chief Conservation Officer of Forest Wildlife, PR Marak on Friday said that the Ministry of Forest and Environment has set up an Expert Committee on the Restoration and Protection of Water Bodies. to maintain the water sources, rivers, ponds and wells in the state.
Information has also been sought regarding the South West Khasi Hills District Audit Report, and the report shows that in the year 2007-2008, the Syiem has admitted that he has paid the 1st share. /8 but according to the report received from the KHADC, it was found that the Syiem has not paid this share to the KHADC and in the year 2010-2011 he has paid only T.35,607 tyngka.
The incident happened at 4 pm this morning, when KSU youths, who were traveling in 30, 40 vehicles, were marching towards RR Colony, where they chanted “Go Back Bangladeshis Three persons were shot dead in the incident, Parindra Das (73), Bhanbetush and Bhanbetush. Das (51) from RR Colony and Sheikh Farman (31) from Nongrim Hills.
The foreign traders are those who live to extort money from their parents to enrich the secret companies and drug companies which are foreign companies.
The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) on Thursday confirmed the office bearers of the JSM Western Region.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laitumkhrah Unit, on Tuesday, expressed its anger over the rude behavior of a foreigner named Amrit Debbarma to a Khasi girl at the place where they worked. .
“Therefore, we have decided to give the government until 10th November to submit their demands otherwise we will not be able to build a road in Shillong,” said Bah Pariat.
“The time is at hand” Revelation 1:3
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Bluetisha Nongbet as the leader of the group expressed the many challenges faced by such groups with disabilities in life and as the leader of the group He said that the state government should pay special attention to them, in which they too should have the same rights as others who are physically fit.
these two, Enoch and Elijah, would preach to the children of Israel about their unbelief that Jesus was their Messiah.
He is the President of the UDP Nongjri Zonal Unit and in the last MLA election he had turned against the party by supporting the Congress and from the Polling Station. The UDP won only four votes.
“Sohnimatra has been imported from Sikkim, Utterakhand to this state which is famous for the production of sohnimatra,” said Bah Khongshei.
The Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) is the first electric vehicle charging station in the state. Those who attended the opening ceremony included MB Tongper-ADC Ri Bhoi, Pankaj Das, State Head (Retail North East) and the owners of the petrol pump.
Sawsymper, November 13: The VI Open Knockout Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) in Sawsymper Circle, East Khasi Hills District. The opening ceremony was held on Saturday by Bah Rangstarwell Wankhar, Ranger Officer (Retired) of Soil & Water Conservation who was the chief guest at the grounds of St. Ferrendo Higher Secondary School, Sawsymper.
The human face is a message for the elderly.
Rollingson Dkhar allegedly seized a pistol and demanded Rs 15 lakh from Lalromzoma Nampui, Priceless Darnei, Moia Ngirsim and Ruaiia Darnei and gave them five days to pay. and shoot them.
CCTV cameras have also been installed at these puja pandals to ensure that there will be no disturbance and also to make it easier to identify anyone involved in illegal activities.
There are 17 ethnic groups in Meghalaya recognized as minorities by the government and the Seng Khasi, Seng Raij and Songsarek are in this category, the report said.
After the Holy Mass, there was a special ceremony for the newly appointed Priests by the Parish and there were also dances and songs to enrich the day.
The UDP has a Nomination Committee which elects the party office bearers, including the President.
Adelbert Nongrum, MLA from North Shillong, said that the shooting death of two commercial vehicle drivers at Khyndailad on Friday night was surprising. Police in the area have not been able to arrest the foreigners who shot the Khasi youths.
This is the responsibility of the KHADC as the Mylliem Act, 2007 has already stipulated.
The BSF troops on duty at night in houses and shops have frightened the visitors, vendors and especially the residents of the area especially women and children. .
The final match of the tournament will be played at the First Ground, Polo, Shillong on 17th July
The study, conducted by the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, found that ACE-2 is an important part of the human body for the virus to enter.
He commanded the subjects to obey the rulers so that the world would not be in turmoil.
Praising the Meghalaya Police for arresting drug traffickers and drug trafficking in the state, the Minister praised the Police Department for seizing drugs worth billions of rupees.
They were still eating, drinking their own, eating their own food.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnongs congratulated the youths who still have the knowledge to write letters and to tell that they have broken these three guns in Wahumkhrah.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongmynsong Unit has seized about 15 tins of alcoholic beverages from a shop in Nongmynsong Market called Sharma Enterprise.
“I have not seen any initiative by the state government to address this issue.
They are (1) afraid of the disease, (2) afraid of the people and (3) because the election is far away.
(From the mind of Lyngngam, K. Langrin).
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today denied the allegation by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) that the state government has gone beyond the council in the implementation of the project. Report on the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
That is why Jesus said – “When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand:)
“As the CRPF camp in Mawlai belongs to the Arts and Culture Department, we have come to meet the Minister to work with the Social Welfare Department to build a De-addiction and Recreational Centre. to treat those who are addicted to alcohol so that they can turn back to a new way of life,” said Bah Samuel Biam.
diesel, LPG, light bill and others are harmful and threaten the development of education in the State as a whole.
Stenshon is a skilled stone carver to make statues and other sculptures as people send him to do.
To briefly explain the value of this syrnot received by the State Food Testing Laboratory of the Pasteur Institute, it is a great blessing from beyond and will bring and benefit the people of the state and the country. in the North Eastern Region of the country, because in this research and study, tests have been conducted on the quality of food and beverages and reports have been published by this report shall be recognized and accepted as a full report throughout the country.
The match will be played between Langsning Football Club from Shillong and Khlieh Mawlieh Football Club from West Khasi Hills at 1 pm.
Those in contact with Vicky have been ordered to collect her body from the morgue of the Civil Hospital within three days.
Lahkmen's remarks came after BJP state president Ernest Mawrie demanded the resignation of six coal miners. on the 22nd in East Jaintia Hills.
They were empty-handed in Borjhar on Tuesday.
The Thangkhiew Kur has also alleged that on 9th July, 2013, it has sent a request to remove Bah Lamphrang Blah from the post of EM in charge of the Elaka on the charge that he was involved in the production of the The order was issued on March 11, 2012, but while the application was pending, they alleged that Bah Blah had violated all the rules and regulations, and himself had taken a decision that was not allowed. “It's a good idea to withdraw the recognition of the Thangkhiew-Lai Kpoh Kur,” said Bah Living.
“Tomorrow we will have a budget and we will take it to a special meeting to hold a Cabinet meeting to approve the budget,” Mamata said.
The containment area has been removed after the contact tracing status of the high risk contacts was negative. from the house of MR Nongrum to the house of H Marwein, and from the house of G Lyngdoh to the house of S Marwein in Block IV, Mawiongrim.
Furthermore, the floods have also damaged the public toilets and many houses in the lower parts of the village.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dasakhiatbha Lamare said that he had a strong desire to improve the roads leading to the Synod, but in a short period of time and has not yet received the roads. The government has not been able to repair and fill the road from Liarbang to Mawlasnai.
You see how much drugs flow into the state and these part-time school leavers will be deceived by drug traffickers”.
Arsenal started the season by showing their skills in the United States and Gabriel Jesus scored in the fifth minute.
He said I will bring them back to the land I gave to their ancestors.
The government has taken this decision after the ILP protests have intensified in the past three days, and the Chief Minister has also spoken to the Union Home Minister. Rajnath Singh in Guwahati.
“Earlier, the Congress government used to ask for money without using it without giving UC because Delhi was ruled by the same party but since the BJP came, they have found it difficult to steal the money of the people,” he said. said Mr. Shibun.
Through this programme, we plan to conserve about 2 lakh hectares of forest land in the next five years.
The four vehicles were registered AS 18 C 9037, AS 18 C 8791, AS 25 C 9531 and AS 18 C
Ningthouja Lancha from Manipur and three leaders from each state were elected as the Convenor of the Core Committee.
It is also expected that punishment will be imposed on him.
He said that according to the reports received, there are about 2500 people in the district who are living with HIV and there will be more as there are still many who have not been tested for HIV. He stressed the need to undergo HIV screening and test and check up because in every district 95 percent of the residents should undergo this test to be able to know. At the same time, he said that there will be 63 health camps in the district to direct people to get tested for HIV. Dr (Mrs).
Shillong: The Khatarshnong Area Sports Club (KSC) has informed the youth of Khatarshnong C&RD Block, that it will hold a workshop on how to manage football. as referees on the 28th, 29th and 30th of July 2021 at the Swer Stadium.
Shillong: On the evening of 29th April 2021, a drug supplier from Manipur has arrived in Shillong with the smuggling of illegal goods. using a vehicle with Assam license plate to deliver to a suspected drug trafficker in Shillong.
At this meeting, along with other issues related to the Kur Nongkhlaw, the speakers also expressed their concern over the drug trafficking in Ri Khasi, where many youths have been involved and arrested. slave to the desire to drink this most terrible alcoholic beverage in the whole world.
Daplin replied. Then Bah immediately lifted his feet to join them and walked alongside them.
The rapid spread of Coronavirus has brought great danger to all of us.
In 1954, the States Re Organization Committee visited the Khasi and Jaintia Hills to investigate and understand the struggles and aspirations of the indigenous people who wanted to have their own State to rule. hi from the sweet side.
When asked whether the BJP has been able to assure that these NPP candidates will get the post of Minister if they win the election, Bah Sanbor said, “They should get it because it is the first time. It will be a story that both of them will win from the NPP and both of them will become Union Ministers. for the benefit of the people of the state, the unemployed youth and to bring about various development projects.
The protests and demand for a Hill State resumed in 1960, and the Hill State came in 1971 in the name of Meghalaya.
Dr. Bhanu Prakash Kolla, a researcher at the Center for Sleep Medicine at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, was not involved in the study. the difference in deaths, by 9 percent, was for those who were more likely to look after themselves at night.
Shillong, March 20 : The RKJB (KJB) Shillong has urged all the residents of Khasi Jaintia Hills District to vote for the Assembly elections. choose their leaders with human knowledge.
Failure to pay on time will result in legal penalties.
The Modular OT, according to Dr. Mylliemumlong, Medical Superintendent, is a clean environment free from infectious diseases and free from any bad air coming from outside.
Nongpoh: In order to facilitate the farmers, who have faced difficulties in delivering their produce to the market, the Catholic Church Marngar, has donated a place which There is a market in Sari Kushi, so that the farmers can turn it into a step market and where they can sell their hard-earned produce.
Bayern Munich striker Arjen Robben celebrates after scoring in another match Manchester United beat Young Boys 1-0 on Saturday night.
In her opening remarks, C.Kharkongkor, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, said that now the people should be trained in the working methods according to the present era even if they are jobs that have been done. since ancient times to promote economic growth.
The plane is scheduled to fly 90 minutes from Jakarta to Pontianak, the capital of Borneo.
This protest against the MoU-1 will put the Meghalaya government on a difficult path, as the second phase includes areas that are sensitive or more difficult or more visible to the public.
Clean your hands :- Diarrhea can be spread from one person to another through hand washing, so you should wash your hands regularly before and after eating. which is necessary because it can help reduce the spread of diseases.
Tirot Singh Syiem was one of the Khasi Syiems who fought against the British in
Earlier, Babu W. Gasperly B. Marwein participated as a Boy Scout.
Tourists who visit this place also call it the 'Queen or Paradise Trekking Tourist Spot' of North East India.
Shillong, March 20: The FKJGP Mawsynram Circle has visited Dr. Alice K Vizo, Sr.
The DC also warned that any candidate and party who campaigns with tynghung and broadcasting equipment without the permission of the office and the Rangbah Shnong and if anyone objects, the broadcasting equipment will be closed down.
The residents of the village have been able to use LPG through the initiative taken by the Indian Oil Corporation to develop the village.
All three have been charged under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act and the investigation to track down others involved is ongoing.
BABU KULAR KHONGJIREMThe matric examination (pass class X) as we know, is one of the keys to the education of students.
“Ka Seng has demanded the immediate appointment of a full-time Medical Superintendent so that there will be no disruption in the operation of the Hospital.
The public hearing was conducted by the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District. The Additional Deputy Commissioner, Bah G.Warjri, MCS was the chief guest. Extra Assistant Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah S.Marwein, owners, leaders and members of the East Jaintia Mineral and Traders Association, leaders and members of the East Jaintia Hills District. The Waheh Shnong of Lumshnong, Bah Monlang Ladong, the people and other elders of the area.
“That's the mother.
In a statement sent by Bah Sylvester Nongtnger after the incident, it said that one Magistrate and three policemen were injured in the attack.
Suritha Sangma, a woman, lost her life after being electrocuted by the sign which had fallen to the ground.
Adilbert said that the Chief Minister should have urged the Central Government to allocate funds for the payment of the debt of NEEPCO, so that the people of the state will not become victims. due to the inability of MeECL to pay the debt of the company.
However, regarding the CHC Sohra, Bah Hek said that he will conduct an inspection before opening it.
Not only in Nongsngithiang, hundreds of tourists have flocked to many tourist spots in Sohra.
Three elderly people who have turned 100 years old including Emmanuel Biam who is 100 years old and one of the polling stations of 19- Mihmyntdu Lumpyrtuh Salini Colony Polling Station under 2- Jowai Assembly Constituency and was honored by Bah BS Sohliya, IAS Deputy Commissioner (Election), West Jaintia Hills District.
About five Bangladeshi women have been released and three others have been arrested in Siliguri in eastern West Bengal after police foiled an attempt. Police officials said on Tuesday that the victim was arrested.
On the news reports regarding Lapangap, how can the newspapers, which are 80 kilometers from Lapangap, write without asking the owners of the bodies who have been tortured for months.
The Minister said that despite these challenges, the Government has also taken other measures to meet this need and it is for this reason that the Government has been able to provide better health care. to the patients of the state.
The letter, which was not signed, arrived at Salman Khan's house and read, “Tumhara Moose Wala kar denge (you will die like Moose Wala).
"He said that his father, when he started working as a teacher, my father used to teach me that it is a pleasant job, because even in the kingdom if you do well. Many of them will have criticisms, but when you are a teacher and you see that the children you have taught are human beings, there is nothing to criticize.
For example, Hindus have to follow the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955, while Muslims have to follow the Muslim Personal Law (Shariat) Application Act,
Replying to a question by Lazarus Sangma, Minister of Community and Rural Development Sniawbhalang Dhar said that there are three BDOs in Chokpot who have been transferred from 2018 to now.
After beating the Goa side 2-0 on Tuesday, the team, which represented the State in the category, struggled from the start where they Daïamon scored the first goal in the 17th minute.
Referring to the speeches that have come out in recent days, Dr. Kharshiing said that once the bill has been passed, it can be amended and improved later, but what is needed now is you must first enact it.
Kerlangmi Kelphung scored the goals for the 7th Wasa in the 36th minute and Thank you Mukhim in the 53rd minute.
The Deputy Inspector General of Police (Eastern Range), Meghalaya, Shillong, said that the Meghalaya Police have received detailed information from the intelligence agencies regarding the incident. armed group which has started to buy weapons, extort money, recruit members and commit acts of violence.
The complaint against the recently elected MLAs continues and this time, one has filed a complaint against the NPP MLA from Mahendraganj, Sanjay A Sangma.
The victory also opened the way for Feng to once again maintain his equality against Kidambi which is still 1-1
The 15th of June will be the happiest day for the residents of Ri-War Mihngi as their dream for decades will soon come true in a few days.
And they were amazed.
Several elders of the area who are also community leaders, including Bah Elwin R.Marak, Bah Debendro Sangma and Bah HJ Marak, while talking to this reporter, said that the residents of the area They have been eager to get a fully equipped police station to maintain peace and order in the area.
The EM of Mukhla Dorbar Shnong, Bah S. Sari, has invited all the people of Khasi-Jaintia Hills to attend the Shad Sukra.
" Daplin thought On Thursday of that month, when it was Saturday.
M.Byrsat is the youngest MLA in the West.
" The doctor's biria.
After the meeting, the Association has decided that after the Dorbar Tlang of JHADC on the 9th of this month, if they do not receive their salaries, the Association will hold a protest and the date will be announced. after.
Besides Solomon, those arrested earlier include Andrew Lamare and Teimiki Dkhar.
In this regard, the entry fee for a team shall be 1,500/- tyngka, the registration fee per player shall be 30/- and shall not exceed 25 or less than 20 players per team.
Indeed, these MLAs, Ministers and government officials don't have traffic jams at any time because the road for them is open/closed slowly and maybe that's why they don't understand. How many people have been facing problems in the traffic jam every day.
As India accepts the G20 presidency, the goals it has set for the next 25 years as part of the campaign are the foundation of a common future for the world and shared prosperity.
The children of Hynniewtrep are always waiting for the election.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The students of the SSLC on Monday have been shocked by the method of setting the questions in the subject Science and Technology.
He said that in Umling, Ribhoi District, there is a GST department which searches for GST on goods trucks but the coal trucks are not affected.
DC West Jaintia Hills District has sent an inquiry into the smuggling of PMGAY rice in Kyndong Tuber. Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) rice at the rate of 35 kilos per AAY card at the price of Rs 3/- per kilo for urban and rural residents.
The Nongstoin MLA said that many of the people of the district want a DC who can understand the Khasi language so that they can talk to the people who come to the office. The lack of understanding of the language has affected the work.
In the second innings, Meghalaya lost three wickets for 97 runs in 33.5 overs.
Shillong: There have been 162 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 268 recoveries and 4 deaths, including 3 unvaccinated cases.
Jimi said that the film is made in three parts, the power of wealth which reaches the point where love has no place anymore just because of poverty and wealth; Another issue is about the differences of belief and also about the lack of responsibility of the husband in the family.
Police have identified the suspect as 32 years old.
As a scholar, Dr Sailo found the human nature of a compassionate doctor; and in personal relations, he is a gentle and helpful man.
He did as he pleased and seized some parts of the B-Mahal by issuing laws.
The change in the land tenure system, especially on the commons, which came through the Enclosure Acts, has severely affected the villagers especially the poor and low-income farmers.
“There are about 40-41 GNLA members who are still in the party,” Hedeo said.
At present, the Congress, Trinamool Congress, which has three MLAs, and the Voice of the People Party (VPP), which has four MLAs, are in the opposition.
“It is very sad that Aamir Khan is the reason for the production of many people in the country,” Gupta said.
She also expressed her concern over the increase in the number of patients with anemia due to lack of nutrients and at the same time she urged the women to come forward for treatment in the hospital. to give birth to their children in health centers to avoid tragic incidents and to avoid listening to news that upsets and frightens and causes decline in social health and economic development in this region.
Metbah said that until 5th October, the two HSPDP MLAs had not returned even after the President of the HSPDP had confirmed that they would come. has never been fulfilled.
“If you don't get a ticket, you can't go.
Khaw AAY will be distributed 35 kilos per household free of cost, Khaw PHH will be distributed 5 kilos per month free of cost, while Khaw Non will be distributed 5 kilos per month free of cost. - NFSA will distribute 7.215 kilos per month at the price of Die Lang at T 12.00/- per kilo and at the price of Die Khutia at T 14.00/- per kilo.
Meanwhile, the Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department of the State Government said that the number of cows affected by Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) as of Tuesday 7640 cows while the number of cows suspected to have died of the disease so far is
Three KKKs have been killedNow they are young,There is no one to trust them.
Among them were the People's Rally Against Corruption (PRAC), the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) and other attempts to unite on social issues.
The residents hope that the rain will subside in these days.
Thus, the dissemination of knowledge or the dissemination of information in the brain or the dissemination of information to others means the institute.
He added that he is pleased that the party has elected the Minister of State, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to contest the 2024 MP election from Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government is ready to fight against Covid-19 in the state. The total number of cases in the country has risen to 4915 with 634 new cases and 16 deaths.
These days it is necessary to ensure that the youth of the state do not lose their way in life, because many of the youth are involved in many evils which can also affect the bloodline of the nation. if as young people we don't see this part.
During the Hills State campaign, I was a volunteer in this protest and in Khyndailad we danced, the police didn't fight anything.
The Seng urges and requests the Rangbah Shnongs to be vigilant and firm in protecting the land of the country and the nation.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 10 : Ka Seiñ Raij Rangad on Saturday completed the Shad Sukra ritual and this ritual is performed before they go to the fields to plant seeds in the fields. MDC Tuber, Bah Lasky Rymbai was also present as the chief guest.
Shillong, March 4: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District will hold a public meeting on the 7th of March at Mawkyrwat at 12 noon.
Besides Lambokstarwell, Donald Thabah, General Secretary, will continue to hold the post for a third term.
The Minister of Revenue, AT Mondal, said that the provisions of the repealing act have prevented those who have obtained licenses from going to court.
The Student Union leaders reminded that the demands of the Student Union are that the government should approve the Constitution of the Union, to fill the vacant posts of teachers. For many years, as it is now, there are no teachers in the Education Department.
Karim said talks have been held with the Prime Minister to run a river route through the Brahmaputra River.
Mawpdeng Sport Club and Ri Bhoi Youth Federation Mawleiñ Unit invite all football teams to take part in the Inter Village Knockout Football Tournament 2023 to be held at the Mawleiñ Football Ground.
“However, we on the part of the party say that it is not true because it is like violating the rights of the people.
Every year in the month of November, the residents of these three villages come together to repair it because it is also the time when the sohñiamtra has started to grow.
Varthaman's first question was whether he was in India or Pakistan and Chaudhry said that at that time, the pilot was stoned and shot in the leg. .
He said that they have a role to play in the fight against drugs which has become like a disease to spread among the youth of the nation and it is time to wake up and stand up now before it is too late.
Regarding the number of ponds in the district, it cannot be said that all of them have received assistance from the Fisheries Department, but there are ponds constructed with the funding of NABARD and implemented by the government through the Fisheries Department. Soil Conservation, DRDA and others.
A Non FIR Case was registered against him and taken to the Court of L.Kharshiing, Judicial Magistrate First Class, Shillong Court. U/S 177/179/185 M.V.Act for driving under the influence of alcohol.
At least 17 people have been killed in the bloodshed today.
Shillong, Lber 10: U Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, today said in the House that there are 11 villages outside the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) which have approved to bring garbage. it was Municipal.
The study said it did not take into account other symptoms that could lead to this mental illness, such as the hours of work per month, whether people have the hours of work that can be provided and the extent to which employees are more likely to be inspected or judged by their superiors.
It is estimated that more than 90 million Americans have voted so far in the presidential election in the country.
Sohtun, MLA of Jirang, also demanded that the Sordar of Patharkhmah, Bah Najim Kharmalki, should explain to the public and also provide witnesses when he went to collect the documents. from the Hima and if he has real evidence he can accuse as he has accused and if he doesn't have real evidence all these allegations are only to defame and mislead the people of Jirang Constituency.
That was my decision and that was my dream.
Out of all the 24 constituencies, Conrad has defeated the Congress candidate except Ampati where Dikkanchi won by a slight margin.
Therefore, as human beings, we should ask for this wisdom from the Lord of wisdom.
Nongstoiñ, March 19: The residents of Malangkona area, have urged the state government to turn its attention to the area by bringing in a proper PHC. Malangkona is one of the border villages in Mawshynut C&RD Block.
The future depends on time.
Junestar said that the team has now started to develop in its activities. He said that this team is a team that includes both men and women players who play in the various types of athletes, and many of them are participants in strength-body sports.
“Finally, the committee expresses its disapproval of the killings within the boundary of the village and strongly condemns the perpetrators of this incident,” said a statement from Bah KM Syiem and U GL Nongbri of Smit Village Council.
Two new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed on Tuesday, two deaths have been confirmed, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 in the State to
Shillong, Nailur 1: The BJP is ready to contest the GHADC elections with the NPP, which is an ally of the NDA in the central government.
Despite many attempts, Azriel couldn't turn the tide and missed many golden opportunities and even a penalty.
However, this answer surprised NPP MLA James K Sangma who said it was impossible for them to kill by throwing pajamas.
This information came through the children and grandchildren: Bah Embhahlang Rapthap (Son), Mrs. Vincible Rapthap (Son), Mrs. Ridalin Rapthap (Son) and Mrs. Daplin Rapthap (Son).
These are the words of Nehemiah, the cupbearer of Artaxerxes king of Persia, whom the king of Persia trusted.
The government's delay in announcing the names of those who are eligible to study through the State Quota has upset even the parents of those youths who come forward.
On Monday Monday
The Manipur Government today passed the Manipur Regulation of Visitors, Tenants and Migrant Workers (MRVTMW) Bill, 2015, which was demanded by the ILP protesters in the state. The law benefits the authorities and harms the indigenous people.
Shillong, November 26: The Civil Society Women Organization (CSWO) together with Avaaz and other organizations will hold a mass march against environmental degradation on 30th November in Shillong.
U Singh, who is ready to ride in the MDA car immediately, doesn't lose anything, he gets one of the two seats as he got in
Shillong, Nailur 25 : The Ministry of Power, with the support of the Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE), on Monday held a meeting with government officials of various departments of the state government. role in controlling the increase in environmental humidity as the days go by.
Bah John Kharshiing, expressed the need to give space to the Chief Executive Members in the Constitution and said that many of these Chief Executive Members, who were present at the meeting, were in the service of their respective countries. of occupations, for 25-30 years.
Indeed, the kingdom of Israel was the happiest in those days, because the nation was the Lord's God.
Instead of the government recruiting more employees to fill the vacant posts, the lack of brokers to do the job has really prevented many young job seekers in the state. yours.
“Furthermore, Bah Sanbor said that CCTV cameras will be installed in the areas that have already been inspected by the police, Dorbar Shnongs and other government departments, in order to prevent crime and bring peace and order. happy inside the house.
Albinus said that Ma Vincent Pala has not yet come to hold a public meeting in Umroi.
Therefore, on this occasion, the union requests the office to take urgent measures and precautions to educate the younger children, those who are still from years of age and above through their educational institutions in relation to the harmful effects of drugs on human life.
He added that it has also been decided to impose a night curfew from 10:00 pm in Shillong and other places.
The school was inaugurated by Mr. Gerhard Albert, President of Khublei Germany, in the presence of Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar, Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Additional Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah FB Basan, Director Jaintia Hills. Bah D.Syngkon, Fr.Martin Shylla Vicar General of Jowai Diocese, Waheh Shnong, and others were invited.
“What is more interesting is that Bah Alexander Lyngdoh from Jaintia Hills, although he is deaf and hard of hearing, won the bronze medal in the category “Standing Men 80kg Hearing Impaired”.
Dr War said that today 19th July 2020, 120 people have been tested positive in Anjalee out of which 9 have tested positive, in Khliehiew 82 people have tested positive and out of these 9 In Motphran, 148 people have tested positive, in Khyndai Lad, 165 people have tested positive and in Diengiei, 3 people have tested positive. and all of them were negative.
, Reserve Bank of India and Union Bank of India.
She also urged the government officials to take action to improve the agriculture sector and also the farmers to improve each other and also to take the assistance from the government departments, such as agriculture schemes and others. other help.
In this age of the Khasi, is there a Longkpa who can answer the questions of the children of today? Gone are the days when the elders used to tell stories Puriskam Purinam to put the children to sleep because now in the name of “Timelessness” the relationship between fellow human beings has been replaced by the powers.
The SP said that police have conducted a thorough investigation and the post-mortem has not been conducted yet.
The tournament was organized by the Carrom Club at the Jaiaw Laitdom Dorbar Hall, Lumbatemon.
The Secretary of Tongseng Village, Bah Saman Phniaw, said that since the time when Ramesh Dkhar killed (L) Kranti Sutnga in 2020, the Dorbar Shnong, together with the Ramesh Dkhar should be imprisoned for life, because if he is released, there will be no peace in the village. in creation and in society.
If anyone enters without permission, he shall be punished according to the law.
Nine persons have been arrested in connection with the incident, but four of them have been falsely accused by members of the Bajrang Dal and have been released after being arrested. 16 days.
The CID has also summoned the Controller of Examination of SEBA – Nayan Jyoti Sarma and Chief Controller Jimli Kakoty Saikia.
The shop was inaugurated by Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun in the presence of MDC Victor Rani and Dilip Kharkrang, who is the owner. shop and other elders from Byrnihat area.
The State Government has not yet provided any clear information on the status of treatment of these five persons.
There is no wahbah to jam, ore and coal can be obtained from Laitryngew which is only 13 miles away, and any goods can be imported from Sohra at a reasonable price.
Besides publishing from the brightest sources, many books have been translated from other languages ​​into Khasi, one of the books translated into Khasi. The Khasi written language was the one that the Missionaries came to preach in these hills, the Bible translated into English, gradually until it was completed in 1897, the year of the earthquake. Sir.
Residents of Hubei, near Hong Kong, have been banned from entering Hong Kong for fear of spreading the disease to the city. neighboring.
Laloo said that at the meeting, it was decided to fine him 10,000 tyngka and if he does not pay the fine, he will be expelled from the village.
Only traditional musical instruments may be used, which may be one or more or without music.
On the fine of synsar farmers in the border areas by the Assam Forest Guard, Banteidor said the District Council will have to discuss with the Assam authorities and he will also discuss the issue with the Assam Forest Guard. the Government.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul said that in the 12 meetings of the Commission, the Chairperson has never attended the meeting on the grounds that she is not in good health.
She said that the Entry Check Point has been fully operational and is ready to be located at the same place, but the Exit will also be moved to the surrounding areas. However, regarding the trucks entering the state, an investigation has been set up at Umling where there is an incoming weighbridge.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, has been informed that he will lead some of his Ministers as tomorrow is the day when they will sign a social agreement with the Central Government on This is the demarcation of the border between the two states.
We don't understand that this is one of the main reasons why our nation has declined so much.
The KSU leaders also strongly condemned the state government for not taking any action or doing anything regarding the resolution of the exact boundary. , has caused the people living in the border areas to face many problems, especially in terms of persecution in many ways.
The land of Dimorine Tariang is 667.97 square meters in Lachumiere, 14 square kilometers in Langmar, Wakmai, Iawaw, 1,98,040 square meters in Mawlai, Mawiong Rim, 30,937.7 sq.m. 177.18 square meters in Dong Shaneng Umpling, 4,077 square meters in Mut Shullai Colony, Jowai and 400.05 square meters in Moosalyngkat.
Shabana, 70, wrote on Twitter that she had been cheated online and Azmi said she had bought it from a shop. called Living Liquidz, but even after paying, you didn't get the product.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police (SPS) of East Khasi Hills District today issued an order to open the road from Police Bazaar to Lad Umsohsun which passes through Sadar Thana Road from Sadar Thana Road. on the 27th of July
We are thinking only of the present and are quick to reach out for money.
Jowai, Nailur 14: U Planning Rymbai, MDC of Musniang Rangat Constituency in 1994-1999, today announced that he will give his full support to Nehlang Lyngdoh. He is the NPP candidate from 6-Khliehriat LA Constituency in the 2023 MLA election.
The order was issued by US Judge James Otero in Los Angeles.
Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shella Area Unit (HYC) Shella Area Unit (HYC) have left the party after they allegedly did not like the behavior of the General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Kupar Roy Synrem.
People buy! God calls and reminds us that we must respond in kind to those who are enemies in our lives.
“We have decided to extend the deadline for another six months to allow groups or organizations to submit their EoI,” said Transport Minister Dasakhiat Lamare.
The proposal to relocate the residents of Them Metor has not yet reached an agreement despite talks between the Meghalaya government and the Harijan Panchayat Committee from time to time.
Jesus in His ministry sought to improve and clarify the commandments and teachings of the Prophets for the salvation and hope of the people.
On the other hand, the State Government has arranged buses to transport those who came from Imphal including a bus from Imphal. buses to Garo Hills and 3 buses to Khasi Jaintia Hills.
One person has died in an accident at Rangblang Sahsniang village in South West Khasi Hills district on Tuesday at 6:00 pm.
After three months, the hearing will be held while the report from the Assam government is awaited.
Jonathan said that the drowning of these two men was due to the strong water.
The police department has also set up a supervisory committee headed by the SP (CID) to look into the complaints related to drugs and to expedite the sending of chargesheets and to ensure that the cases are not delayed in court.
Shillong: According to sources, 1956 shopkeepers including market vendors have come to inject tika in Ïewduh as of yesterday.
Spokesperson of the party Nalin Kohli is one of the leaders who frequently visits the state. Union Ministers like Kiren Rijiju, Alphons frequently visit Shillong and on the 16th. This month, the party will meet with Modi.
This was the only game of the day, where the players from the other groups were given a day off to have enough time to prepare themselves for the next games. on Friday.
There were also 25 surrenderers including 10 GNLA, 3 UALA, 3 ANLA, 4 ASAK, 3 AMEF and 2 unidentified persons.
Willstone said that HANM has clearly stated that foreigners cannot do jobs that Khasi or state residents cannot do.
The states where Cavaxin will distribute its vaccines are Andhra Pradesh, Haryana, Odisha, Assam, Jammu and Kashmir, Tamil Nadu, Bihar, Jharkhand and Delhi.
Jesus, as a man and as God, began to grow and develop.
The output of this state is enough to feed the state,” said Dr Wanwar.
Then there were seven large jars, and these were taken to be the jars in which Jesus had done the miracle of turning the water into wine.
They also asked why other ethnic groups have not been selected in the appointment of teachers by the MTET and therefore, they demanded a proper investigation into the matter, to give them the right to ABVP Meghalaya, State Secretary, Tengku M Marak, said in a statement.
"These solemn messages from the voice of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) remind us of a famous song, "One Day at a Time" by Marijohn Wilkin and Kris Kristofferson: Give me strength, help me today, show me the way, what I should do, I ask only this from Me, because yesterday is gone, Dear Jesus, and what is clear may no longer be mine]
The visit of the former RBYF leaders to the Ri Bhoi Dorbar was welcomed at the office of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Umsning Nongthymmai.
Dinabandhu Roy, (59), resident of Pynthorumkhrah, was admitted to Nazareth Hospital on 6th November 2020 at 10.30 pm.
Syiem Freeman said that the Hima has a Market Committee to look after the market.
On the entry of foreigners, the Minister confirmed that the government has already identified the places where gates should be set up to check the entry and exit of foreigners into the state.
The Court also said that it would be of great benefit if the State Government would provide assistance to those families who have lost their mothers/children due to lack of medical facilities during this time of disaster. plague.
At the same time, the Seng warns that in the future, if the Seng finds any employees inside the hospitals who have abused the patients, it will take strong action.
If we can export agricultural products to such countries, the price of agricultural products will be the same and it will also help our farmers.
On the flooding of the Shillong-Guwahati road, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said the Government has talked to the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to take action on this issue.
Our love for God as a nation is unwavering.
He said that the people of Rambrai Jyrngam constituency now do not want to elect him in the next election.
When asked about the number of those who will return to the Congress, Syiem said that many of them are still looking at the management and communication of the leaders in relation to the raising of issues. who does not need the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Laitumkhrah-Malki today led by its General Secretary Anthony Nongbri today met with Adelbert Nongrum to support and encourage him in his struggle. u which is 12 days old.
“As a first step, it is important that we have a forum of all the factories and the Government so that we can identify the way forward through cooperation.
His birthday, Christmas, is celebrated all over the world and there is no greater birthday of any human being than this.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The Congress candidate Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang has launched his election campaign at Pongkung-Saw Symper today. Area.
Shillong, Lber 5: The employees of the Meghalaya Housing Board have not received their salaries since November 2013 which has been almost two years.
And Dr. B. Marboh Dental Surgeon, Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong in her keynote address said that the World Oral Health Day was first celebrated on 20th October 2013 with the aim of raising awareness among the people about the health of the people. teeth and the inner parts of the tongue.
The foreigner, who was driving a vehicle number ML-05 N-8784, came to Mawdiangdiang early in the morning to break the garbage. une to state bar.
There are also candidates from the NPP, Congress, HSPDP, All India Trinamool Congress and BJP. The names of the candidates have been registered and the documents have been examined.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad K Sangma expressed his pleasure to open a Jackfruit Processing Unit in the area and said that this will not only end with sohphan, but the government also intends to open a Jackfruit Processing Unit. processing units for other varieties of soh, vegetables and other agricultural products, vegetables across the State.
Shillong, Nailar 14 : U Ronan Keating will perform at the Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival, which will be held on the 17th, 18th and 19th of November this year.
The secret promises of this government to build those things, to give these things, to put those things, all these have turned into mere phone calls and to blind the eyes as well as to deafen the ears. of us seeing and feeling facts.
Leaders of the KSU Larnai Unit on 28th June in the presence of the leaders of the KSU Larnai Unit visited the Larnai Government LP School after receiving complaints regarding the absence of a student. A teacher named Wikiru Shylla and during the inspection, it was found that this teacher has never been tested in the last 11 years.
“The suspension of the Shillong-Pynursla-Dawki road is due to the difficulty in acquiring land in some areas, the opposition of the villages, the conflict with the land of the forest department and many others,” he said.
“The indefinite closure of SBI in Garo Hills will continue and ATMs will not operate and other banks have also decided to close down due to this incident,” said Nixon Joseph, Assistant General Manager (Garo Hills). “We don't need guns, bombs to bring peace, we demand the release of Subodh Kumar Mishra”.
“The more you listen, the more we will stand up, because we see that the future of our students is in danger and tomorrow we will see that our children who pass 90 percent will be the only drivers. while others who pass only 40 percent can become senior officers,” said Bari.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Bindo said, “Now the number of cases of covid-19 is increasing rapidly in Meghalaya, and I see that it is the fault of the government, the weakness of the government. Those who have covid in the villages, they say, keep in your own homes, contain in your own homes.
If there are more people who want to sin than those who do what is right, then this world has become a paradise of hell or a land of sin.
Nomita Rynjah was elected President, General Secretary Pynshai Banylla Lyngkhi and 30 members.
Speaking to media on 21st June, Bah Sanbor said, “In South Shillong, about 30 percent of the BJP supporters did not go to vote because of anger, and these include to the elderly, the women, and the young men and women.
We have never seen such things happen before.
Ma Erwin said that because Conrad K Sangma has approved the CBI investigation into the Mukroh incident.
The Secretary of the Umkiang Dorbar Village Council, Nicholas Lyngdoh, said that the cleanliness drive includes the cleanliness of the NH-6 and the Umkiang River.
Good sleep makes us more productive and able to do our jobs while having a healthy body.
If other villages can, why can't others?
The Governor said that 3.80 lakh residents have opened bank accounts under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) and T.72 lakh crore has been allocated by banks for 14,0 private individuals to receive loans under the MUDRA scheme.
He expressed his regret and sadness that these days children aged 12-14 years old have become addicted to drugs.
PCODhat is the place to go outside.
This awareness has been of benefit to the hundreds who have participated in this day.
The Government of India is deeply concerned about the increase in the number of cases in 11 states including Maharashtra, Punjab, Karnataka, Kerala, Chhattisgarh, Chandigarh, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Delhi and Haryana. which has accounted for 90 percent of the cases and 90.5 percent of the deaths in the past 14 days in India.
The KSU JHDU said that the appointment of this foreigner is a mistake by the EC under the leadership of Thombor Shiwat and also violates the right of the indigenous people to employ the foreigner. non-resident at the office of JHADC which is the Department for the Protection of Ritpaid.
“The JAC has recently decided to hold a four-day protest against the policy of the management by carrying banners, placards and flags from 25th to 28th July.
The second phase of Aspire includes the training of students in their schools in soft skills through workshops on Confidence, Clarity ), communication and the ability to move forward through challenges and experiences (Emotional Resilience).
On the part of the Chief Guest, A.Andrew Shullai, in his speech, congratulated the management of the school for their hard work in organizing such a program 'Cultural Day' He said that in this world of technology, the world has become very small, but as a nation we must preserve the customs and traditions of our ancestors and so on. the life that has “the glory of the righteous”.
The three reports submitted by the Executive Committee to the Dorbar are the KHAD Bill 2016, the Nomination and Election of the Deputy Syiem; The Lyngdoh and Rangbah Shnong of Malai Sohmat Syiemship Bill 2016 and the KHAD Bill
However, the government through the health department has not been able to open it and this shows that the government has come to build a monument and not to set up a health center to serve the people.
Such important issues, in the election campaign in this state, do not enter the minds of the people before entering the polling station and the extortion of money has entered their minds. from the candidates and affects their souls.
Would you still look for that beautiful young woman who has gone away or would you look for somewhere else? “Until now, I haven't found a more beautiful young woman than I have been married to,” said Dr. Pariong.
On the 23rd of this month, police including the OC of Laban and IO, SI WK Momin left for Chattisgarh. , and after searching, they seized T.13 lakh from his residence.
Shillong: Shillong: Shillong will continue to be cold today.
I ask everyone to remember the families of these victims in their prayers.
Oh it is the perfect tourist spot or the abode of the gods.
On the corruption in the education department, Ma Shibun said the BJP wants the court to investigate and those who committed the crime should be brought to justice.
It may be recalled that the protest against the Aadhaar number by various groups is ongoing and the group led by Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit has stressed that it stands by the decision of the Supreme Court that the Aadhaar number cannot be issued. to force anyone.
When police arrived, there were no people at the scene and the trucks were taken to Mawiaban Police Reserve.
The total number of cases has risen to 65,49,374 and 9,37,625 people are still infected so far.
Delhi vs Services.
The last of these leaders, proposed the Khasi New Year's Day 2019 at the Riti Academy under the Presidency of Rangbah Rafael Warjri.
The incident caused injuries to people and also violated the flag of India.
He said that the silence of the Indian government is an insult to the Hynniewtrep people and the time will come to revive the reason why the Hynniewtrep people joined India.
Hopefully this year's celebration of Environment Day on the 5th July on the theme “Beat Air Pollution” on how to get clean air to breathe will be truly meaningful and meaningful. to enter into the minds of all of us for our own benefit in the days and times to come not just to celebrate by forgetting all those trees we plant but to take care of them and also to protect the forests that do not exist by refraining from destroying or burning them.
“Tourists who come to our state have no right to interfere with what we sell or what we eat, and if they don't like it, it is better for them not to come to our state.
Shillong, July 07: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday handed over to the State Government a letter withdrawing from the peace talks table.
Getting a good night's sleep ensures that you are able to do many things the next day.
The body of the policeman was taken to Laban Police Station for post mortem.
However, the Management Committee will be formed on 30th November, 2020, 30 months after the handover of the building.
The Dorbar Shnong Khanduli, West Jaintia Hills District has decided to immediately ban the movement of people on both sides of the Assam-Meghalaya border.
Nongpoh: A 17-year-old youth has been shot dead by a 17-year-old youth, who tried to commit suicide by hanging himself inside his house, but fortunately he didn't. At that time, he was found by his relatives and was able to rescue him from death inside the tyllai phasi.
It is learned that in Maikhuli Village alone in Pilangkata area of ​​Ri Bhoi District, there are 58 Kukis who have come to temporarily settle in this village and these Kukis have also come to these villages. for a few days to stay with their family members just to escape the danger of leaving their homes and possessions in Manipur.
The meeting was also attended by MPCC MLAs Charles Marngar MLA from Mawhati Constituency, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh MLA from Umsning Constituency, Saleng A Sangma MLA from Gambegre Constituency, Ronnie V. Lyngdoh MLA Mylliem constituency and other leaders of the Women's Congress.
In just a few months before we will witness the General Election in our state, the people have started to get ready and sit down.
“The NPP is a party like old alcohol in a new bottle,” said Sylvester.
The first treatment was given in March 2018, when the two Pakistanis were 19 months old, and the second treatment was given on 11th June
Whether in the city or in the countryside, smart and strong Dorbar Shnongs can bring peace while weak and weak Dorbar Shnongs can bring peace to the residents.
Deimon Niang was the winner with T.4000, Syndong Sumer with T.3000 and Deiwahun Samating with T.2000 and five consolation prizes.
“We continue to oppose and will continue to oppose strongly together with the village group and the KSU, we will not allow us to become the water carriers in the country to the authorities,” said Bah Kharnaior.
These candidates, according to their information, have completed their studies from prominent training centres.
Stating that the NPP has moved forward to resolve the issue of the border between Meghalaya and Assam, the document said that the party will continue to reach an agreement. opinion on the border settlement with Assam in collaboration with various groups.
About 10 trucks and about 5 Gypsies of soldiers along with Magistrates and Police were seen patrolling this evening during the curfew hours.
Furthermore, Bah David said that the opposition of the Dorbar Shnong is that it does not want a colony within its border and jurisdiction.
Based on the demand of the Adhoc teachers, it is pleasing to say that their demand is justified as since 2016 their salary has not been increased.
“Adequate training should also be accompanied by adequate payment to achieve adequate results,” said Dr Don.
Because of the lack of food, the ksew's body is plump and strong and its hair is clean and bright.
Every time they go for treatment or meet doctors, they explain that smoking and smoking are bad and harmful to their health, but this has never made them think. the public.
This shows that these people don't know how to respect anyone.
He said that in his understanding, the shortage of food production, the increase in the price of petrol, climate change, lack of rainfall and others are the reasons why This has led to an increase in the price of goods.
It is also a fact that the 'Messiahs', who claim to 'love the country and the nation', will sleep without mercy from that mynder every day, whom they hate and despise without foundation.
The inspection was also accompanied by the Director Generation of Meghalaya Power Generation Corporation Ltd (MePGCL) Bah R Majaw and other senior engineers from MePGCL. electricity generation as at present and also to discuss the issues related to the project.
“If no one appears on another date, the two government officials themselves will have to appear,” the court order said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani said that the donation of jerseys is part of the efforts to encourage and motivate the youth who have talent in sports and urged the office bearers of the sports club to do the same. The office bearers of HANM Mawryngkneng Circle should also work hard to promote sports in the area.
He also gave his blessings to Ma Rishotki S Dkhar to continue to publish his writings through books so that it will be a blessing to us who read it, and also to the literature. Khasi language, especially in that he has the intention to publish more books which he has already written.
Before taking part in the trek, Dr R.Phawa explained the purpose of trekking which as residents of the village we need to love and take care of the environment.
“It was also said that the Archbishop sincerely wishes that the Government should change that decision because without counting it is difficult for the future of the youth.
Bhalang was awarded T200 tyngka.
Without being ashamed of what they had said and promised to the people, as soon as they won, they created strong roads and paths in forty kinds and forty ways.
Shillong, Nailur 29 : Meghalaya has been selected to receive the most special award for being one of the best states in the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme in the state.
“I am just giving an example of the number of states that sell kyiad to people's homes, but I don't mean here in our state.
Groups who wish to participate can obtain the form by calling 9612934211 or offline forms can be obtained from Simple Food Laitumkhrah.
However, the residents of Narpuh area have been facing severe traffic jams since the month of April until these few days. due to the deterioration of the NH
On this occasion, the KSU Mawlai Circle has sent a clear statement to the government that if it wants peace and stability, it should immediately remove the camp from Mawlai Nongkwar without delay.
Shillong Lajong, who have started the I-League 2023-24, have completed three matches against Mohammedan SC, Neroca FC and Shillong Lajong will play their fourth I-League match against Gokulam Kerala FC on the 19th of November at the SSA Stadium Shillong from 2 pm. 10 o'clock in the afternoon.
He scored his first league goal on 7 March 2002 and helped Sporting CP beat Moreirense 3-0 and qualify for Portugal in the 2002 European Under-17 Championship.
Dr. D Lyngdoh, BDO, Amlarem C&RD Block on Tuesday said that the Village Organizations should work hard to implement government programs related to income generation.
Most of the visitors are from West Bengal and Assam,” said the Range Officer.
On the other hand, the Cabinet has approved the nominations for the Meghalaya Day Award and this will be announced at the Meghalaya Day celebrations in Tura.
Ms. Lyngdoh conveyed the message to the Philadelphia Church which has a strong foundation even though this church faces many difficulties but it is a church that is steadfast and trusts in God to guide it.
Shillong, July 30: The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi on Friday evening inspected the scene of the shooting incident of two Kerala students in Jaïaw. on the 24th of this month.
There are 129 cases today.
The opening of this Muga Growing cum Handloom Production Center will help not only the Saikarap area but also the Saikarap area. Mustoh but the whole Shella.
The Parish runs 21 LP schools, 10 UP schools and only one Higher Secondary School.
Other entertainment programs included songs and dances and gifts by government departments and civil society to the patients at Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai Civil Hospital and District Jail.
He said the department has already held a meeting with the leaders of schools including principals where they have expressed that they cannot implement the NEP from 2023 but will try to do so from 2023 onwards. time to come.
Similar penalties will also be imposed on other businesses that violate the GST Act, after receiving information from the Taxation Department, said Arunkumar Kembhavi, IAS, Commissioner of Taxes. Meghalaya.
He added that the Association will continue to work hard to bring together all the traditional healers to be united and especially the Association encourages to preserve the traditional healers and The Association now has its own place to plant medicinal plants and also to preserve the medicinal plants in the forests of the state, he added.
According to Pastor DKhar, the believers especially in Mawshynrut, Riangdo and Lyngngam areas of West Khasi Hills are still holding Bible services every day and this shows that the power of the Bible is still there. work.
On the other hand, the KSU during the inspection also found that up to 20 out of more than 100 employees working with the company do not have proper documents.
“The statement of the Prime Minister does not make it clear that the Government will repeal this vacancy law, but he says that the Government will not go ahead with the plan.
Only after this commandment will the world enter into a great tribulation such as has never occurred since the beginning of the world.
The BSF Meghalaya has taken the initiative to assist the youth who have been misled by training them in the right path and providing training to stand on their own feet through Skill Development & Vocational Training. together with the judgment.
Assam Minister Jayanta Mallabarua has said that this is a decision to continue the UCC. , shall fall under the jurisdiction of the District Commissioners and District Registers.
UP RMSA School beat Ummulong Presbyterian HS School 3-2 in the tie-breaker.
The union also demands that the government should think carefully on these issues and needs of the people, he added.
During the raid, the BSF seized 5000 kilos of Indian sugar which was smuggled to Bangladesh.
The man was in his 35th year, but his name was not released due to his serious injuries.
On this occasion, the Goodwill Gesture Award-2022 was also distributed to all the Dorbar Shnongs of the Greater Laban Dorbar and to various groups who have worked together for the welfare of the people and Government employees who have joined the Covid Management Committee to fight against COVID-19 in 2020 and
Shiphew political parties supported by many other groups have called for an office blockade today to demand that the government should implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
We have lived a life of selfishness and we don't know how to live.
I hope they return safely to their home states.
Therefore, the village leaders and VDPs of Umsaitsning Lad Mawrong, have requested the state government as well as the district authorities to take action on this issue and to take strong action if found shops selling cigarettes to children, because if it can be done, the benefits are for the children and for them to have a healthy body.
He is 5.5 feet tall, wearing a blue jacket, blue T-Shirt and blue pants.
The most vulnerable are the youths who come from poor families whose parents are the ones who work in the morning and buy food at night.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Shong Pyllun, Bah M.Warbah and the President of HITO Umïam Area, Bah G.Lyngdem, expressed their deep sorrow over the rude behavior of those who came to sit. On the flyover, it was found that not only did they break the garbage and liquor bottles, but they also threw liquor bottles which affected the cleanliness of the area.
The inspection was led by Bah FB Basan, ADM and Bah Toshanbha Marweiñ, Executive Magistrate in the presence of Police, officials from the Development Department. From Shillong Municipal Board, Bah Khrawborlang Nongdhar, Junior Engineer from the Office of Assistant Director BADO, W. Chyne, Inspector of Legal Metrology and L. Nongrum, Labor Inspector, District Labour.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has promised to visit Psiar village to be the chief guest at the 25th Anniversary Celebration of Psiar Upper Primary School and laying the foundation stone for the upgradation of Psiar Secondary School tomorrow. on November 17th.
He has laid on him the iniquities of us all
It will be the first festival to be held in the state.
On the 23rd, it will screen freestyle films at Khyndai Lad Shillong.
The history of the children of Israel is not only about Kings or Kingdoms or Laws or Priests or Judges or Prophets.
“Don't you know if something bad will happen when you get the money...” said the mother to her father. “Shish, don't think about it...” said the father. and after that the children also agreed with what the Father had revealed.
On the other hand, Bah B Lyngdoh said that the request to MSSASA not to lodge a complaint against the government because if they lodge a case with the names of the teachers, there will be problems because they will have to appear individually. .
The temptation began when we look from the Bible at how man fell into sin because of transgression when Adam and Eve disobeyed the Lord's law and brought sin into the world. salonsar of the whole world.
“The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) is pleased that the Prime Minister has promised to take immediate action to improve all these requests,” said MFA President Hamlet Dohling. u Deputy Chief Minister of the State.
Police have arrested two persons suspected to be involved in the shooting and injury of Bah Nongsiej.
He said that the implementation of SWAYAM MOOCs in East and West Jaintia Hills will be a great blessing to the students of the region to get the opportunity to study in various fields which will open up for them. students that they will get to choose new subjects as well as new learning opportunities that are more focused in terms of orientations and consultations.
“I will convene this meeting in my capacity as Urban Development Minister.
Shillong: State government offices, revenue and magisterial courts and schools will be closed in East Khasi Hills District on 10th June 2023 due to the Shad Suk Mynsiem, according to a statement from the Commissioner & Secretary. to the Government of Meghalaya, General Administration (A) Department.
The club has played 10 games and in the 10 games it has won five times, lost two times and drawn three times, Real Kashmir FC played their first match on the 13th. They beat NEROCA FC 1-0 in the second match of the tournament and beat Rajasthan United FC 2-0 on 19th November
The School of Theology was established under the direction of Rev. Dr. John Roberts as the Founding Principal.
DTO Jowai, if you have a license, it's 300 or 400 each but 3500 each.
These are the golden or silver jewels that this Rangbah leader has been able to do as a senior leader of the Seng Khasi. Rgh PD Nongrum, Member of JPK, who took part in the speech at home and Rgh Paia B Synrem, Asst General Secretary, Seng Khasi Kmie, who stood up to deliver the speech at the opening ceremony. The body was buried at the Seng House in Mawkhar Shillong.
Protesters chanted anti-Selma slogans and also demanded that her name be removed.
They worked hard at it, but, they never succeeded".
Amlarem MLA Lahkmen Rymbui wrote on Twitter that he visited the Gyps Himalayan Vultures at Demthring, near Jowai, where they have been living for 40 days.
:The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on 28th November 2023 under the leadership of Samla Eric Nongkynrih, Sport Secretary, The Pro MMA League will be held on November 8-10, 2023 at Priyadarshini Youth Complex, Malund West, Mumbai.
He said that the FoRMLD has sent a statement to the MLA of Pynursla Constituency, Bah Prestone Tynsong, if the maintenance of the Shillong-Dawki road does not succeed, he should step down immediately.
One day he went to the king's house.
From Shella constituency, there are still four candidates including Dr. Donkupar Roy, incumbent UDP MLA, Leston Wanswett, Jropsing Nongkhlaw and UDP MLA. let Wellborn Write.
MPUF President Dapoiwan Laloo said that many times as political parties we have been involved in many areas especially during these times of protest, but as political parties we need to come forward in a steady path for the sake of claim righteousness until you have won.
She said that India has 28 states, all of them are united which is the beauty of a democratic country, and no decision should be allowed, but as of now nothing has been written on this.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the members of the Friends of Jesuits, Bah Moses Kharbithai, said that they had received information regarding the disrespect of Fr.Stan by the management of the prison. On the other hand, they request the Chief Minister to speak to them to respect and not to keep Fr Sten and other prisoners together.
The opening ceremony was attended by Deputy Commissioner, BS Sohliya, Superintendent of Police, Bikram D Marak, MDC Barato Aiborlang Shadap, HT Well Sten, resident of Barato. Members of the Latympang Welfare Organization who initiated the demand for the establishment of the outpost in 1994, Waheh Shnong and Secretary Shnong of Barato.
The NPP will open its new office in Assam tomorrow.
The Seng would like to remind the Government that until now we have seen that the rapid spread of this disease in many parts of India has not stopped and especially from States like Assam, West Bengal and others, which are the Many of the Nongwan bylla in this State have come to work.
The wise and the foolish have the same joys and sorrows in life.
Shillong, Jaiong :The Joint Secretary, Seng Khasi Kmie, Jaiaw, Shillong, Bah Mario Sunn, today announced that there will be a public clean-up of the Lum Jingthang in Jaiaw. , Shillong on the 30th of this month starting at 9 pm.
Shillong, Nailur 29: Following the death of Governor of Manipur, Syed Ahmed, who passed away on the 27th of this month, President Pranab Mukherjee has handed over to the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan. He has been appointed as the Governor of Manipur and Meghalaya until further notice.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The AJYWO Central Body has expressed its strong opposition to the state government's decision to remove the three Entry and Exit Points checkpoints in East Jaintia Hills District.
These items include food items, food and motor oil, medicines and other essential items.
Prestone said the government has also allowed the export of minerals but that will be only within the country.
U Bah Nongsiej, who was expelled from the party by the HSPDP, said that as a member of the party, he has not received any information or written notice from the party that the party has expelled him. from the media.
Prizes were also awarded with cash prizes and trophies to the winners.
According to reports, in many such incidents, drivers flee from these places and leave their vehicles further on the same road.
NEHUSU condemns the allegation made by the Administration of NEHU Tura Campus, the statement said.
Westone K Sangma, 66, of Shyiap, Golflink, died at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong and Shidamon Kharjahrin, 65, of Umlangkur, Ribhoi, died at the Civil Hospital, Nongpoh. , of Mawlai Phudmuri, died at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
SHILLONG: The Mawkyrwat Electricity Consumers Forum (MECF) on Tuesday supported the demand of the Mawkyrwat Electricity Consumers Forum (MECF) that MePDCL should clarify its Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the company. FEDCO), Orissa before handing over the management of electricity distribution in the district.
Mowkaiaw United will face Umshangiar in the first semifinal on the 3rd of this month and Rising Star will face Khliehtyrshi on the 5th.
If the leaf has a bright colour, it is good; but if it is, it is too much.
“I have received information about the government's intention through the media but no letter has reached the Council,” said Bah Pynshngainlang.
Of these, more than 7 million students are in grades 1 through 12.
The protest by the civil society and the village of Hingaria is part of the conservation of dohum dohwah and aquatic life.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has sent a message to the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam that the meeting with Amit Shah will be held on 29th October instead of the 27th scheduled.
“You were born to walk on the moon”.
The central theme of the Rynsan u Paidbah was, 'The awakening of how to elect leaders to the Lok Sabha
Consume with Care"The Dy.CM also urged all the residents to preserve the environment and protect the hills, forests, rivers and streams. clean for getting clean air to breathe.
“The ILP we are demanding is strong and cannot be implemented, we are not demanding what is impossible but what we are demanding is as enshrined in the Constitution of India and it does not mean that we want it will be exactly the same as
Nine winners were also awarded consolation prizes.
At the same time, the union announces that it will hold a MARATHON this morning, so the children, youth, even the elderly, men and women of Umjaiur village are requested to take part. They will arrive at the village hall at 6 pm.
Other candidates from Sutnga Narwan are former MDC Seiborlang Shadap, former MDC Silbinus Sukhalin, Sumer Rolling Son Dkhar, Saipung Lalminga Ngamlai, Narpuh Mongol Sing Tyngkra, Bataw Lakadong and Pyr Joinriwel. , Musniang Rangad Phasmon Dkhar, Tuber and Kerbhame Dkhar.
He said that the Maitshaphrang group is ready to write to the Law Commission that the marriage should not be registered under the Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act although the state has the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration Act. of Marriage Act, 2012 to address the issue of divorce and child divorce but over the years instead of the state government implementing the Act, many amendments have been made. and the law was broken.
Shillong: The turnout in Ranikor today reached 82.81 percent while in South Tura it reached 72.81 percent till 5 pm.
Other office bearers elected by the HSPDP are KP Pangniang MLA Rambrai, General Secretary Witting Mawsor, MLA Mawshynrut, Joint Secretary Nolip Lyngdoh. Pynshongdor Lyngdoh Nongbri was elected as the Finance Secretary and Shem Khardewsaw was elected as the Treasurer.
Hundreds of residents of Tiehsaw, Nongstoiñ have marched on the 7th June, 2024, to demand justice for the murder of Kong Wansaralin Wanniang, She is still alive with her husband, Biangkupar Nongsiej, who passed away on 2nd June,
Two other land owners were Aziar Rahman and Asma Bibi from Asikandi.
“The people of Raid Marwet did not welcome the arrival of the ministers of the Syiem without the presence of the Syiem on that day because they were waiting for the arrival of the Syiem himself,” said the elders. journalist.
And of that, the Word of God says: "For thy servants (the Jews) take pleasure in her stones, and have pity on her ground" Psalm 102:4
Many messages we have seen on social media have questioned the truth about the work of the Kyrmen Foundation, so for this reason as the Foundation we would like to release an explanation about this incident,” said the statement.
Satan is working hard these days and he is still alive and he is working to destroy the Catholic Church, said Pope Francis.
These four persons include Braston Kharphuli, Fedrick Lyngkhoi, Wankupar Syiemlieh and RA Lyngdoh.
Referring to the assistance to the school which has been in existence for more than 60 years, it has never received anything in terms of infrastructure from the education department of the Meghalaya government. The Managing Committee and the teachers shall be responsible.
These elders said that now they don't want to do anything but they are still talking to each other (former members) who have been expelled from the party and who have been dissolved from their departments and later they will Take a decision how to visit the current leaders of the party.
He said that literature and the Khasi language are different and even in literature there are many differences.
Dreamson Suchiang scored the last goal for Wasa to beat Pdengkarong 2-1
In another appeal, Lawrence Basaiawmoit and WR Lyngdoh have appealed to the Supreme Court to quash the decision of the NGT. The Supreme Court has dismissed the petition and dismissed the complaint.
APSTA requests all Primary School teachers to take their time to attend this celebration.
“We will not accept these troops to be on the National Highway, even the National Highway Authority of India has repeatedly expressed and sought ways and means to stop them. The troops guarding Sonapur have been arrested for causing damage to the road and bridge. While the troops are conducting searches, many vehicles are still lined up on the bridge and “Even the District Administration in the past has issued an order to withdraw these troops, but until now it has not been possible. “It was also said that these BSF troops have built a camp in the patrolling area and have also blocked the highway where vehicles pass through. The Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District demand that the District authorities of East Jaintia Hills District should immediately withdraw these troops from Ratacherra and Sonapur.
Shillong, Lber 23: About 40 members of other political parties on Thursday joined the Congress party at a meeting held by the Mawryngkneng Block Congress Committee at Mawryngkneng Block Congress Committee.
Public School, Nongstoiñ came second in the Girls Team Event while KJP Western Synod HSS came second.
“In 2018, Bah Samlin contested on the HSPDP ticket and defeated Congress candidate Bah HDR Lyngdoh but now the election will be contested by new parties.
“Sir, I got this letter.
In a meeting with the Rangbah Shnong of Ratachera, Bah D.Pohshna, former MDC of Narpuh, he said that before the demarcation and signing of the MOU between the two states, the Ratachera Dorbar Shnong had already sent a letter to the Regional Committee. The government of Assam and Meghalaya will own these areas which will be the natural boundary to preserve the Malidor River and the bridge. total assets and natural resources.
They cut off the three lower leaves and leave the upper three when planting.
She also thanked the HNYF, Northern Region and RBYF for their support during the strike in Nongpoh.
Shillong: As part of the condemnation of the assault on a member of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) by foreigners on the evening of 28th June 2020, located Garo Hills.
When asked why he fled to Shillong, he said he did not flee at all; but he went after them; otherwise he will not receive the rent.
The Dorbar Shnong also sends its condolences to the family members of Kong Lita Ryngkhlem and prays that God will bless her children and grandchildren. sides.
The call to suspend all Christmas celebrations in 2023 is reasonable and this should not be done just to fulfill the rules, but we should pour our whole body, soul and stand together with them. citizens of Gaza, regardless of their race, ethnicity or religion.
The top of Group A Laitkor SC will face the runners-up of Group B Lumparing SC at 2 pm.
“It is difficult for us UDP leaders to take any decision against Bah Bindo because he is an elderly man, so in honor of him when he was with the UDP we will continue as MDC. "shu sieh," she said.
According to English reports, Al-Ettifaq will pay about 12 million pounds ($15.55 million) and other fees for Henderson, who will end his 12-year spell at Anfield.
It is also clear that in Meghalaya, where the ST/SC population is 86%, it is one of those exceptional cases where the 50% rule does not apply due to the presence of other general categories. 15%, and there shall be no discrimination against any group, in accordance with Article 14 of the Constitution.
Many times the defeat of MLAs after 10 terms is because their promises and the work they do does not match.
He said that at the meeting convened by the Prime Minister before the Assembly, he alone stood up to oppose.
To contest elections without money is very difficult.
Furthermore, Bah Herman, as one of the elders, said that the influx of foreigners started during the rule of the British from 1863 onwards and continues. continue to this day.
Limited (AHIPL).
A short speech was also delivered by Ma B Iano, former MDC of the area, who gave advice to the youth on behalf of the village headmen and village leaders.
The rules for booking Uber Moto are (1) Download the Uber app on your iOS or Android phone from the Play Store.
On the other hand, Bah D.Jyndiang from the BJP said that many of the schemes have been brought from the central to be implemented in the state.
They called it 'Kulang' because they came up together from the valley.
The incident happened at around 5 pm this evening at one of the places on the Nongstoiñ-Shillong highway between Mawlangkhar and Ksehkohlong villages. It is also suspected that the driver of the taxi was under the influence of alcohol.
Best Performing Branch for Social Security Scheme by MRB Shangpung.
It is understood that the reason is because of the lack of staff because the same people who work in the Development Department are also in the Authority,” said the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titos W Chyne.
Sixteen teams (first come first served) from near and far both individuals and clubs will be accepted.
The night curfew will continue from 7pm to 7am.
Maruti Suzuki India, which suffered a sharp decline in market share of 33.99 per cent in April, has continued for nine months. Your car is produced.
On the issue of banning beef, Vijaya said it is the responsibility of the state government and it is up to the state government to respect all opinions without discrimination.
He said the price of synsar this year has increased compared to last year.
After this call, the Rangbah Shnong was ordered to obtain a Sanad from the Chief of the Hima.
He said that the current situation in Meghalaya is bad because Meghalaya is no longer only a route for drug trafficking to other states of the country, but has become a hub of drug trafficking. .
This happened after a gang of Port-au-Prince robbers went to a Christian protest area and opened fire on those in the area that day.
About 66 students have been evacuated from Manipur, which has been in turmoil since 5th June.
Aditya Singhania (Sputnik) was named Man of the Match with four wickets and 21 runs.
Therefore, we the people cannot blame anyone but we ourselves if we elect the wrong leaders.
Therefore, we understand that the border settlement is not easy, because other ethnic groups have settled in the area, but in order for the state not to be transferred to Assam, the party urges the The Syiem urged him to gather together these villages and provide the necessary documents, so that they would be firmly established and the lands would be free from being transferred to Assam.
The DC of WJHD has announced that on the morning of 27th October 2020, shops will be allowed to open in the villages of Jowai. They should also call the numbers of the shopkeepers to deliver the items they need.
He said that another Lat has not consulted or consulted with the District Council Affairs as he used to do but has only one or two officers.
The BJP leader said that the BJP has already appointed a committee in this regard, in which former MLA Bah HM Shangpliang is the Convener and the members include U.K. MLA Sanbor Shullai, BJP President Ernest Mawrie, BJP Spokesperson M Kharkrang, Legal Advisors of the party Vivan G Kynta, SP Mahanta and two party leaders Edmund K Sangma and Ferlin CA Sangma from Garo Hills.
Shillong: The United Democratic Alliance (UDP) and the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) have confirmed the nomination of Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin as the MP candidate from the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
The Medical Superintendent of NEIGHRIMS, Dr Prof Suvamoy Chakraborty, said that according to the directive of the central government, the assistance will go first to the health workers and then to others.
According to a statement issued by the Secretariat of the Governor on the 13th, the Chairman election is scheduled for the 17th and the CEM election is scheduled for the 18th. moon.
Rural Journalism T.50,000, Development Reporting T.50,000, Photo Journalism (i) Single news picture T.50,000 and Photo Feature T.50,000, Sports Reporting/ Sports Photo Feature T.50,000, Gender Issue T0.0, Reporting
The airport authorities said that in June this year, there were 1,800 flights taking off and landing through the airport – an increase of 24% compared to in June of last year.
At the same time, on how he is sure to win the Congress candidate, Hima said his work will speak louder than words on this.
On the order of the DC Ri-Bhoi not to allow the mining of coal in Byrnihat and Jorabat, the union said that it should also consider the mining of coal in the factories in Byrnihat and Jorabat as illegal. Jorabat and should shut down all the factories there.
Mara– Manager.
Matthew2:6.
The prize money for the tournament is T.40,000 for the winner and T.20,000 for the runner-up.
He also urged the residents to cooperate with the police.
Speaking to Mawphor, the Executive Engineer of PWD Khliehriat, Bah M.Kharnaior, acknowledged that the construction of the bridge at Shymplong is easy and said that there are times when the construction is slow. “Most of the big parts have been completed, only a few small parts remain and we are still waiting for the silver to be brought from Kolkata, which needs to be repaired. “It doesn't take long to complete the work,” said Bah M.Kharnaior and said that the department is now struggling to find ways and means to get the sanction. The contractor has spent about T50,0000 (fifty lakh tyngka) on the purchase of the equipment. to build this bridge.
Dozens of churches, places of worship, houses, schools and schools were also burnt down, until the police and army joined hands, because they used guns and according to articles circulating in newspapers and social media, internet and confirmed.
In addition, geological, geophysical, hydrological and other surveys have been conducted to prepare these aquifer maps.
Rasuwa is the worst affected district in the past few days, with 597 deaths and 771 injuries. you are from Langtang.
We often appreciate the words “Give, and it shall be given unto you” (Luke 6:38) and it is on this basis that we see that everyone is encouraged, and many are trying to do this. good deeds from Christians and other faiths, Hindus, Muslims and other religions of the world.
It was during the tenure of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi that she ordered the Chief Ministers of 14 states to ban the consumption of beef and it was during the tenure of Manmohan Singh as Prime Minister that amendments were discussed. Speaking at his first election campaign in Jaintia Hills at Iongpiah, Jowai this evening, said Dr Jemino.
N.Sutnga, UDA DSWO, Jowai gave the welcome speech.
Man has to chase wealth from the smallest to the largest in order to fulfill the writing, she says, many flee here and there.
“I understand what he is doing to my body, but I can't speak and I can't move my hands and feet,” she said.
The Manipur government has already imposed a curfew in 16 districts of Manipur and banned the internet for the next five days following a clash at a meeting in Manipur. The meeting was held at the All Tribal Students' Union Manipur (ATSUM).
When asked, Conrad said the government has no intention of implementing the roster system since 1972 and this has been explained to all political leaders.
He added that 188 services will be provided through this portal and urged the departments to follow suit by setting the goal without delay.
However, it is necessary to have leaders who have the ability to carry the burden and do the work in a smooth manner.
At the same time, he urged the students to be successful in their studies with hard work to reap the fruits of victory and to have a goal in life for the future.
It is witnessed that after the people burnt mombati, a petrol bomb was thrown at the police at Barik Point who were standing on guard and immediately the police also opened fire to disperse the group of people who were taking pictures. They turned to the barik point where the police were standing on guard.
According to Bah Hopeful Kharsyiemlieh and some Rangbah of these villages, in 2010, electricity posts were installed and electrical signs were installed and some transformers and electricity were installed. Electricity has been supplied but after three months the fire has gone out and has not been supplied yet.
For numbers 0001-0009, the price will start from T.30,000, for numbers 0010-0020, the price will start from T.25,000, for numbers 0022, , 0044, 0055, 0066, 0777, 0888,0100,0786,0123 price starting from T.
However, before joining the party, he spoke clearly on the issues of protecting the minority community and after he and his supporters received clarification from the party leaders, he decided to join the party. AITC. On the other hand, he himself has stipulated that the party should not stop him from raising the issue of corruption especially in Jowai constituency.
The bullet cameras were purchased at T.47,131 each, while the PTZ cameras were purchased at T.87,530 each and have been installed at all these 30 places in the city.
He was 68 years old.
Nongpoh, July 02: The 31st Anniversary of Ri-Bhoi District will be celebrated on the 5th July this year. This time the celebration will be held in all four blocks of Ri-Bhoi including Bhoirymbong Block, Umsning Block, Umling Block and Jirang Block. that all the people may take part in this day.
About 50 years ago, Martin Lurher King Junior asked the question, Where do we go from here: chaos or community? or where shall we go from here: to confusion or to cooperation to rebuild society? “Tomorrow is now, the time demands that we do something now before it is too late.
The DGP said that out of 10 kilograms of heroin, about 2,000 people can use it.
Shillong, July 27: Two political parties from Lum Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday raided the China Bazaar shop in Jowai. Another party, the MPUF, where the President of the party, Bah Dapoiwanmi Laloo, did not own the shop.
More than 1,70,000 community compost pits, 4,000 community biogas plants, 60,000 community soak pits, 2,80,000 community soak pits, 2,99,000 drains and 20,000 wastewater treatment plants have been installed. built to date and these will continue to rise as time goes on.
Sarma also announced that the government has decided to reduce the tax on liquor by 25 percent, which was increased earlier, to finance the covid-19 pandemic.
Regarding Sohra, Bah Chyne urged Bah Hek to expedite the opening of the new CHC as the building has been completed and what is needed is to just open it.
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) today gathered at the residence of Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, Leader of HANM in Mawkasiang. part of celebrating the organization’s 5th anniversary.
Thus, it is understood that there has been an attempt to bring back the Khasi Hima and Jaka which have become British Areas into Units within the Federation of Khasi States in addition to those 25 Units. who already have.
Other arrested associates include Chengchak G Momin, Chingsan M Marak and Nasiruddin Marak.
There was a stir in the village after the RTI report came out and also after a group of residents complained against the lack of salary and also after the salary of some of them is more than they should. to get.
Hard liquor is used for special purposes.
However, because they come in their cars, especially on Saturdays and Sundays, we find that there is a lot of traffic.
This is like a threat to forcibly settle people in Assam.
Tistoswell said that the Acting Syiem of Nongspung Hima has already visited the bridge but it is not known whether the Acting Syiem has done anything to stop the construction of the bridge. The EC has summoned him to appear before the court to explain on this matter.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has announced the closure of the house of E Lamin, Lawsohtun Block-2 Tina Warjri, Khliehshnong, Malki, the house of Bah Dylan B. Syiem, the house of Bioi Talang, Lawjynriew Lumbhalang and the house of the employees of Pinewood Hotel, Shillong.
On this occasion, the new office bearers of the Pyndenumïong Branch were elected and confirmed by the leaders of the party including the President, Sunshine Warjri, General Secretary and several members of the Pyndenumïong Branch. they were not his disciples.
I remember when I was in class X (2014), we were studying the subject Social Science in the fourth chapter of the Civic section, the chapter on the citizens of Meghalaya.
The General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, said, “We have been forcibly joined by the Indian government through intimidation and gunfire, but not voluntarily.
Shaikh was accused in the 2006 railway station blast incident but the trial court acquitted him of all charges.
Especially if you bury this whole plant underground, the soil becomes more fertile.
Governor V Shan Muganathan in Shillong, Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma in Tura, Deputy Chief Minister Dr. RC Laloo in Jowai, Bah AL Hek in Nongstoin, R Warjri in Williamnagar, Ampareen M Lyngdoh in Mawkyrwat, Prestone Tynsong in Khliehriat, Deborah C Marak in Resubelpara, Clement Marak in Ampati and Brigadi Marak in Baghmarady. .
The MCTA also said that there will be no impact on the implementation of the inconsistent implementation by all the colleges in particular.
Tura, Naitung 28: After months of search, police in North and East Garo Hills have arrested ANLCA leader Mithun Momin.
Ma Nidamon urged the government to expedite and take action as soon as possible on the decision of the Supreme Court for the benefit of the people especially the Union of Truck Drivers and Truck Owners who have been severely affected in their livelihood since the ban on coal mining in the State. .
The Model Code of Conduct (MCC) has now come into force in Meghalaya following the announcement of the date of the Lok Sabha elections 2024, the Chief Election Officer (CEO) BDR Tiwari said. will closely monitor the MCC to ensure a clean and orderly election.
“Since March 2019, the Executive led by Ma Thombor Shiwat has received T.167265000/- from the SAG scheme and T.16.50 crore has been applied to the salaries of more than 1400 council employees and to pay the pension,” said Lakhon.
Therefore, he said, they do not feel useful to continue the discussion.
What we see in Khasi Jaintia is only many kinds of diseases which can be caused by many reasons (1) One can be caused by the sun.
At such times, the Mawnongrim, the road, the health centre, the playground and so on were witnessed.
However, if you talk to a 30,35 year old woman who has been raped, then this is a different way of talking.
Many of us may think that once we have cancer we should go abroad for treatment but now it is not so.
However, the police did not allow them to enter the Police Station grounds and closed the gate with heavy security. KSU South Khasi Hills District.
“Therefore, as the party, we want the government to revise this rule so that the state will not lose too many land to Assam,” said Bah Robert.
Defender Pyngrope scored the first goal for Mawpat in the 4th minute and Tyngshain Marboh in the 17th minute.
Bajop Pyngrope was speaking at a public meeting of the NPP party held at Laitkyrhong village in East Khasi Hills under the leadership of Bahduh Kanang Lyngshiang.
The Secretary of Lelad Village, Ma C.Suja, said that since the installation of this coke in the village, it has caused many problems to the people, because the smell of iwtung is too much especially at the time of release. The smoke from 9 o'clock in the evening is released from the factory, it comes only with the garbage and enters the houses.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Lumsohphoh, Nongthymmai, Shillong has held an Executive Meeting on 29th July 2020 using the Cisco Webex Meeting App.
It is also unacceptable to the advice of the health workers in this district, who have ordered the families of those who have anna to bring their children during the Health Camp. it will be fixed.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, in a statement sent to the media, said that several members of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) have gone to the police station. The Miracle Spring View Guest House in Mawdiangdiang has been destroyed by the tourists.
The strength of the Government's efforts to monitor the water supply is evident in the fact that 1.64 crore water samples were tested in 2022-23 alone, which is more than three times the number of these tests in 2018-19 (50 lakhs).
Jowai: A bus No.AS05C-2034 carrying BSF troops of the 93rd Battalion from Assam has collided with another bus at 4:30 pm today. NRC duty to be sent to Nagaland.
These members did not stay in the area for a long time and later left the office of the party.
The Election Committee will complete its work tomorrow before sending back the AICC where the MPCC president and the prime minister are members.
Shillong, Nailur, 12: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Tuesday decided to cancel the agreement signed by the former Government and the companies for the construction of the Kynshi Stage-I and Upper Khri Power Plants. Stage-I and Stage-II. Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, said, “It has been decided to cancel the two production plants. boarding has not been approved by the State Government.
At the same time, the Chief Executive Member of the District urged the people of the area to take this as an announcement and advance notice.
Meghalaya won the gold medal in the women's 61kg category where Barisha Kharbani of Meghalaya defeated Smita Rai of Sikkim.
The results booklet can be viewed through the website of MBoSE at www.mbose.
In total, 45 of the MLAs are Crorepatis.
On this basis, the drivers' unions and the JSM have decided that if the NHAI cannot improve the road, it will inform the people and others. The old agreement should not be paid until the NHAI does what is necessary.
For some reason, they have not received the role they deserve,” said Sinha.
The woman was identified as Ensil Kharjana of Laimer.
Samla Ribokstar said that the union has suggested that the government should take a count of the passengers using the driving license of the driver as proof. to take a count of the number of passengers in the vehicle and how many days they will stay and that when these tourists leave, they will have to count again at this gate.
“As the head of the Commission, Kong Phidalia Toi has never attended the 12 meetings convened by the Commission and besides violating the rules prohibiting the Chairpersons of the Commission from taking part in any meeting. political rallies," he said.
“It is only this time that the government has delayed, there is nothing behind it, why has it delayed,” said Bah Teinwel.
Shillong, Lber 6: To protest against the decision of the Fast Track Court to release a man accused of raping a 14-year-old girl in West Jaintia Hills four years ago, the family members of the girl have decided to send a letter to the The State Government has not taken action on this issue.
The Minister also briefed on the legal activities in Meghalaya and how the Court functions in the state.
No candidate or political party shall be allowed to use propaganda machines or celebrate near the polling station.
It is to be recalled that on the same day before this incident, an elderly man was passing by the same place while leading his children, he met a Dkhar and sent them away. On this occasion, Bah Reebok said that perhaps they may be one of the guards at NIT, but it is not clear until they have arrested the Dkhar. According to the explanation of the king, it is said that this Dkhar has fled to these parts of the area.
He is also the first tennis player since Rod Laver in 1969 to complete a Grand Slam title by winning all four tournaments. leading in the same racing season.
“This is good news for the coal mining industry in the State and for all the miners who have been facing difficulties for a long time, which has led to the loss of livelihood of the people and especially These people have been very angry at first because when the ban on coal mining was introduced, no one took steps to lift the ban on coal mining at that time”.
He also asked for information on the collection of royalty including Major and Minor Minerals from the State Government from 1.4.2022 to 30.9.2022. - while from Minor and from vehicles none.
Ask the government about this, not me, I mean I don't know anything about this.
The Seng from time to time has written letters to the authorities to complain about the situation in this area which has been filled with illegal liquor shops along the NH-4 Samla Niwasly Rymbai said that the reason is to stir up the minds of the youth, school children and even women children to join in this scourge of evil in the society and the villages. newspaper.
Surprisingly, the vehicle tried to flee the scene, although one of the tires escaped and the residents of 7 mer village shouted when they saw the fire on the road. The vehicle did not believe the vehicle and ran away until it stopped at the petrol pump 5 mer.
Therefore, the Seng urges the Minister to take action against this office, the staff and the children.
At present, 18 Elaka have strongly opposed the suspension of the Daloi and have already sent a letter to the Prime Minister to protest against the order.
In the words of our Prime Minister – “When the world changes, our workplaces have to change.
According to the ejahar registered, there is attempted murder of government employees who are on duty, conspiracy to commit illegal acts, bloodshed, attempted Police have registered an ejahar under various provisions of the law and have charged the two groups with religious differences and other illegal activities. The Indian Penal Code (IPC) is prohibited.
When asked how many members of the Management Committee there are, the Pastor said there are 11 members and these are 6 members from the church and 5 Rangbah Shnongs from different villages of Jaiaw.
Let us change our minds so that we can escape from all these things mentioned above so that they will not strike us again.
Meghalaya has selected two players to represent the state in the upcoming Khelo India tournament in Haryana. They are Khrawkupar Lyngdoh. Merry June Syngwan of Shella, East Khasi Hills District.
However, since India is Hindustan or a country of Hindus, the government has decided that all Indians should not eat beef.
Many people think that the pastoral job is a sacred job and the political job is an unclean job.
Speaking about her films, the actress is preparing for her new film, 'Borsing' directed by talented filmmaker Kiki Garod.
The KSU has invited the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
He said that the suspension of the students is because the magistrate sent a letter only in plain paper and this shows the lack of respect of the government officials towards the students and the people.
I said that I will develop agriculture, income, I will develop all the sectors related to their employment.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has warned that tomorrow, there will be heavy rain in parts of the state.
He also led the political party of the Khasi Jaintia Federated States National Conference, which the elders used to call the Federated, to demand from the Bordoloi Sub-Committee that the Khasi Jaintia Hills should join the government. India through the Government of Assam but will have its own District Council to protect the customs.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 05: The West Khasi Hills District Chess Association (WKDA) has prepared to hold the sixth Chess Tournament to promote the youth and adults in the field of chess. The WKHDCA State B Chess Championship (inter Schools Chess Championship)
We bring our own troubles, our own troubles and we go into trouble.
The village, which has the highest number of fires, also has an RMSA Secondary School, a Government Upper Primary School and a Government Boys Hostel.
Women are lyniar and kyang shla because the responsibility of the household is only for them.
The Meghalaya High Court, after hearing the PIL, has ordered the state government to implement the fund allocated for the purpose of improving the environment especially to fill the remove the wells that have already been mined or mined coal in the state.
“Due to the lack of approval regarding the implementation of the MRSSAB by the Ministry, this has come back to us.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 62 new cases have been confirmed and 1339 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
John 1:14 but they knew him not.
The government has clarified that this will not affect the people.
According to the Joint Director of Supply, East Khasi Hills, these sugarcane were seized from MECOFED Meghalaya.
In the United Provinces and other states of India, in areas where pai is not grown, this mluh is used in pai fields.
At that time, if there was a war between the Khasi and the Bangladeshi, even if the Khasi carried an automatic rifle which could shoot 10,000 bullets at once, the Bangladeshi did not need to carry a rifle; However, he didn't tie once with a slipper, but he lost his race in one day.
Don't be afraid of people who are thankful for their lives.
According to a statement, the meeting will be held at the hall of the Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima and the Seng has requested all members of the traders and owners to attend the meeting. clearly regarding the lack of challan for the transportation of coal.
The Karnataka Prevention of Slaughter and Preservation of Cattle Act was introduced and implemented by the BJP government in
The water source for Khliehtyrshi is from Thwai Langdung and Mihmyntdu is from Wahsahkti near the Jowai Bypass (Thadlaskein-Soomer road).
These candidates are Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma of Songsak, President of AITC in the State Charles Pyngrope (Nongthymmai), Tengrak R Marak (Bajengdoba), Alphonsush R Marak (Williamnagar), Winnerson D Sangma (Salmanpara). ), Rupert M Marak (North Tura), Andrew Shullai (Jowai), Iwan Maria (West Shillong), Ian A Lyngdoh (South Shillong), Banshanlang Lawai (Mawryngkneng), Sengnam M Marak (Rongjeng), Rupa M Marak (Dadenggre) , Robinus Syngkon (Raliang), Rinaldo K Sangma (Resubelpara), Cherak Momin (Kharkutta), Dikkanchi D Shira (Mahendraganj), Justine G Momin (Mawshynrut), Edmund Khongngai (Pynursla), Harold Firming Khongsit (Sohra), Agassi R Marak (Selsella), Stodingstar Thabah (Sohiong), Zenith M Sangma (Rangsakona), Sadhiarani M Sangma (Gambegre), Pardinand D Shira (Mendipathar), Sounder S Cajee (Mawkyrwat), Raymond Basaiawmoit (Pynthorumkhrah), Ajay Nongrum (East Shillong) , Dr. Prabir D Sangma (Raksamgre) and Stepbourne Kupar Ryndem (Mawlai).
The entry fee will be 2000 tyngka and 30 tyngka per player and the number of players should not be less than 20 or more than
She concluded by saying that this three month training will make them the best carpenters in the District.
Speaking on the occasion, Earnest Mawrie said that this office is a peaceful and equal office and perhaps it is this office that will produce a great leader of the BJP party in Meghalaya.
This is the second time that Raj has scored a hundred runs this season, after scoring a hundred runs against Mizoram last month.
However, for children who have carried the burden of their parents, if they start the work that their parents have started, they grow and grow because they don't have to start from scratch, they need to expand the existing organization.
S Rumnong, President, Secretary, Rangpher Rynjah, Cultural Secretary, along with the two Vice Presidents, Rgh OP Pyngrope, Rgh PS Dkhar and members of the Women's Wing.
The members of the special committee include the Chairman, President, CEO, NABARD Foundation, Head, STO, UNDP (NE Region), Adviser, Hill Farmers' Union, Director, Ai-THAN former member of SVP (Tech).
The Secretary Shnong of Mawmaram said that due to the suspension of the Sordar, the Dorbar Shnong of Mawmaram will hold a meeting on the 8th of this month to elect a new Sordar.
What is urgently needed is: (i) to set up a Town Vending Committee with 40 out of 100 members being vendors (ii) to conduct an in setup survey (iii ) to consider the holding capacity or the number of vendors in a place according to the population (iv) to consider the issuance of licenses (iv) to identify the vending zones and no vending zones, (v) to develop schemes for market vendors and other activities.
In the House, there was a heated debate between the ruling and opposition parties on many issues, and this debate reached the point of personal statements, and for this reason. The Lamphang said that all the speakers who take part in the Dorbar should not speak on personal matters but should speak on matters according to the rules of the Dorbar.
About 6 schools took part in the March Past and 8 departments took part in the Tableau competition.
However, the leaders of the Nongsawsawlia Presbyterian Church did not want to speak to the media.
You can participate in any of the religions of that person.
There are also places where the fighting is between the national parties and other parties other than the NPP or UDP. Nongstoin, Nongpoh, Umroi and others excluding the constituencies in Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
He urged the people that the presence of the church is a great privilege to receive the blessings of God for the village and for the homes and residents of the village.
“I also have the same intention that we will join hands in the future and we will join the VPP,” said Bah Thongni.
Ukraine and Russia have reportedly agreed to allow civilians to return to their safe havens.
Has the State Pollution Control Board followed the directions of the Central Pollution Control Board in preparing the Zoning Atlas? [The Zoning Atlas is a report that must be prepared before any factory is approved.
Captain Harry Inglis sent police from Sohra to Pomreng to end the life of Rev. Thomas Jones and to intimidate his relatives and all those who had a connection with him. The reason why they came to deliver the letter from Colonel Lister was that Rev. Thomas Jones had received a license to stay in these Khasi Hills.
When inquired, Bindas said that the doctors had told her that she did not have any illness in her body but she was only in weakness due to lack of food.
Many names have emerged these days, who have smuggled drugs to Sushant Singh Rajput and these include Sara Ali Khan, Shraddha Kapoor, Rakul Preet Singh and others.
There were three shops only in the cow market which were not owned by the Khasi, one was a shop selling jain, tala, muja and others, another was a shop selling women's shoes (Sandals) and another was a shop selling women's shoes. After receiving witnesses from these residents, the KHADC police have seized these items.
Speech was also delivered by a longkmie whose job is to clean the area. She congratulated the MDC and expressed her happiness that after his visit in the past few months, She said that there will be no need for land to be cleaned once the land is completed.
Meghalaya is the state with the largest number of Christians! In these days, evil has ridden on everyone who has forgotten their own identity and has tried to drive away the rongphong and lustful desires that have destroyed the righteousness. long people.
On the same day, awards were also distributed to the ASHAs who have performed well for the year 2022 and also to the Best Surveillance Workers 2022 of Dispensaries, PHCs and CHCs.
The scheme will work by depositing money into the accounts of those who deserve it and providing food for the poor and women.
Through the roads alone, the district has become almost overwhelmed by foreigners, which has now affected the income, trade and even the population. On the other hand, the General Secretary of AJWYO Sengkmie, Bah R.Siangshai, said, “If the railway line comes, It will open up more and more opportunities for other high paid ethnic groups from northern India to enter, leave, live and earn and work as they please within the District. The employment opportunities for the villagers especially for those who own trucks and for all those who live far away from trucks.
"What's the matter with that Kmie, don't you know?" asked Kong Mer. Kong Mer replied, “Kmie, I don't know if it's true or not.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 11: The Bright Star Football Academy, on Saturday 10th June 2024, was inaugurated by Bah Srally Rashir Sordar. Dr Lum Mawsor Vice President MFA was the chief guest and others.
They also expressed their surprise that the MDC whom they have elected and trusted to lead them in the right path has led them astray by doing things behind the scenes.
Shillong, Naieng 3: 1,202 residents of Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills, have decided to withdraw themselves from their Aadhar numbers following the encouragement of the MPCA.
According to a statement issued by the Lyïur Dorbar of KHA DC, the CEM of KHADC has appointed Bah Paul Lyngdoh MDC to hold the Elaka Administration Department to look after the West. Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills.
There are some Longkmie organizations which have become confident in themselves not only from their own fund, but also from banks to finance their activities.
Meghalaya, which needed 10 runs to win from the remaining two runs, but Riticia Nongbet was bowled for the loss of a wicket in the last over. Assam took three wickets and scored 44 runs.
“I would like to inform you that the office has scheduled a discussion on the re-election in Mylliem on the 6th October at 12:30 pm,” said the DEO in a letter to Dr. Ricky.
The Director of NIEPMD, Chennai, Dr. Nachiketa Rout, who was present on the occasion, spoke about the Northeast Flagship Program for CBRWs, MRWs, Asha&Anganwadi workers in Meghalaya. cooperation and support of the State Government.
Nangbah Mulang vs Khimusniang drew 1-1 with Khimusniang scoring the first goal in the 17th minute through Precious Tang. step.
Anyone who fails to attend within the stipulated time, the Association may disqualify them from the tournament, all participants should cooperate with the Association, for more information please call Richard Mylliem Tournament Secretary: 9436566773 and Chairman of the Tournament Committee Teddy Laloo.
“The power of money works not only for the giver, but also for the receiver. There are people who take the money, don't vote and there are those who say that once it was taken. They don't know whether they will become leaders or not.
Announcing this achievement, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, congratulated the team of Jal Jeeval Mission, Meghalaya.
This comes after beating Tiehsaw PSC 2-0 on Tuesday at the NDSA Stadium, Nongpyndeng.
This is an interview with Times 8, a news website from Guwahati.
The rally was to condemn the attacks and killings of Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar.
At the end of the match, Marbarin was named Player of the Match.
The Government should revive the construction of the Fly Over which has been surveyed and deliver it to the Metor Area”.
The Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, said that the government has the authority and a strong law to ban the mining of uranium in South West Khasi Hills even if there is no road construction. “We have strong laws to ensure that there will be no uranium mining even if the road is built, it is not easy for UCIL to go through the laws,” said Dr. Mukul.
I accept it because it is rock-solidly founded.
To prohibit the elderly over 60 years of age and children under 10 years of age from going to public places.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting on the disabled, he said the state government or the central government should appoint a Coordination Committee with the chairperson being the next minister. The chairperson of the Social Justice Department and the State Executive Committee shall be the Secretary of the Social Justice Department, for a term of three years and after three years, these committees shall be reconstituted.
After this training on cleanliness, a cleanliness drive was held with the participation of all the residents in different parts of Nongpoh Village. The cleanliness drive has brought about a real change in the cleanliness of the village in Nongpoh.
Worldwide, travel and tourism is the largest income generating industry and comes second to oil business.
In the hands of strangers to stand and beiñ, He doesn't have peace of mind;
He said that according to the Bill, all the authority lies with the Deputy Commissioner who heads the Task Force Committee to issue licenses from all sides and the Rangbah Shnong has no authority.
Before this service at 10.30 am, a speech was delivered by Rev S.Lamare and the Choir of the Mowtyrshiah Presbyterian Church, Shnongpdeng, Moobakhon and the Standing Choir of Mowkaïaw Presbytery conducted the service.
The theft happened on the 3rd of this month at 2:30 pm while the world was sleeping.
Dkhar also alleged that he was asked whether he has the money to hold the post of President of the Youth Congress.
Pursunep's goal has given Shillong Lajong their first victory in the tournament to take three points from Group B. United Sports Club, although they have the same number of points, have the same number of goals.
All distributors must have an Aadhaar Number.
Madan Myn-I and Mynriah villages were affected by Umpu Umbaso and Rongpangbong villages, Nongjrong village by Tahpat and Rongpangbong villages, Moorap Mooriap village by Rongpangbong and Chenan Cherop villages, Khyndeliar and Mookhim by Upilangso village. Lamarang Moojem in Tibin Moothade and Mookoilum and so on.
Mynthong have 7 points from 30 games, while Wasa Utd have 12 points from 400 games.
Letters/Publications/Announcements along with other decisions, but the most important is the Government's intention to complete the construction of the IBBF (Indo-Bangladesh Border Fencing) from Jaliakhola (BP-No. ) to Dawki (BP-No.1273) in West Jaintia Hills.
These days, many tourists want to reach the villages of this area but due to the lack of good roads, it has become a problem for the villagers.
The residents tried to stop them, but one of them escaped while two others were arrested. They were identified as Albert Kurbah (33) of Lad. Mawreng and Barabar Namsaw (22) of Patharkhmah-Ri-Bhoi were injured when they fell from the well.
According to him, the government has requested up to Rs 600 crore for the revival of the rivers but till now they have not received it.
The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) today held a meeting to express its condolences on the passing away of Dr Donkupar, Speaker of the House.
On the part of the Minister of Law and Order, James PK Sangma, he congratulated the Chief Justice for taking this step.
The incident occurred after thousands of people claiming to be supporters of the Congress party in Mairang this evening turned up at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District on the allegation of voter fraud. today is not right.
The INDIA synrop is like a coin that has been cut off before it leaves.
It is not known when the court will sit again, but it is understood that the amicus curie will have to investigate the matter and submit his report to the Chief Justice of the Shillong High Court.
Shillong La will play again at home on the 12th of November against Sreenidi Decan at the SSA First Ground, Polo, Shillong.
In a statement, the General Manager (R) of FCI-RO NEF said that the auction of rice has increased from 2 lakh metric tonnes to 3 lakh metric tonnes per month.
Police have arrested Ahmed from Golflink on Tuesday while he was walking around Shillong. Ahmed disappeared from his home in Uttara, Dhaka on the 10th of this month. He alleged that he was abducted by Bangladeshi law enforcement officers wearing phonging jackets.
He added that the NEP is an opportunity for the people to follow their own dreams.
West Khasi Hills Police Chiefs on receiving a tip, sent a search warrant and found out that these people from Assam had come to raid the area.
The union says that as it has come forward to share the responsibility of the jaidbynriew in the fight against COVID 19, it now says clearly to the government that if it cannot put The union is ready to deploy volunteers at these check points.
On this occasion, more than 500 tree seedlings were planted by the BSF chiefs inside the headquarters in the presence of students of BSF Senior Secondary School as well as students of BSF Senior Secondary School. retired soldier of this branch.
In this regard, the JAC, after finding that the company officials have not respected the notification of the government, has decided to write to the Deputy Commissioner to urge him to take action against the notification. The Companies will implement the new price.
He recalled the protests in Manipur in 2004 when Ms Thangjam Manorama was arrested from her home, but later her body was found just three kilometers from her home.
Shillong: The district authorities have imposed a curfew in Mahendraganj, South West Garo Hills district, after a mob turned up at the police station and destroyed property. .
The President of MEMRIWU said that at this meeting it was decided to set up a committee to look into the issues of the EMRI workers and after two months they will implement all their demands.
Two MLAs, East Shillong MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh and Rambrai MLA Kimfa Marbaniang, have joined the NPP.
Mawshbuit SC tried their best to score but couldn't score until the end of the first half and Albert's 10 goal was enough for the team to score three points. .
From these six persons, police also seized some drugs.
Therefore, the DC Ri Bhoi, has urged the village leaders and the people in the district not to look down on those youths who have just come from other places. She urged those youths who have returned from other states to follow the government's guidelines so that the government's efforts to prevent the spread of COVID-19 will be successful.
Everyone knows who those who turned away,” said Bah Teinwel, declining to name them.
Many drinkers are like dead bodies.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Robertjune said, “Before you now I am a new person but in the vote I am no longer a new person because I have cast many votes for the UDP”.
When asked what he meant by saying that he had left West Bengal for the VPP, Bah Pynïaid said he would explain in detail one day.
The three-day program focused on many areas, including a free doctor clinic for the public and detailed explanations by Ayurveda experts.
He said that this project has benefited many families especially those from Umladkhur and Thangbuli.
We have called tenders to build offices, roads, water supply.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the party, Ma D.Wanmi Laloo, said that during their RTI investigation, they found that since 2013-2014, 2014-2015 and now the 2015-2016 shows that Prof. Laloo who is the MLA of Jowai constituency has not released any money from the SRWP scheme to the people of Jowai constituency.
Smit, Naitung 18: The Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) today decided to go alone to reach out to the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills in the 2018 MLA elections. and2018.
While the injured man was lying on the roadside with a blood stain, two religious leaders came and found him.
The statement of the Chief Minister of Assam has been confirmed through his statement at the Cabinet meeting held on 23rd November 2022, in which he said that Mukroh village falls under the within Meghalaya.
Regarding Dakaniwan Shullai, she was appointed as the General Secretary to ensure the preparation of various reports while Matilda Kharbuki and Grace Lanong were appointed to assist the General Secretary.
Robert said that the appearance of some of the leaders and youths of the KSU is not a sign of self-destruction but they appear with a courageous spirit to fulfill their duty. to them that they may carry and leave for the sake of the nation.
Sinha said the disease works well for those living in air-conditioned rooms, or for those living in urban areas, but will not affect those living in rural areas.
In this regard, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Jaintia Hills Circle, has met with Bah B Kharshandi, Officer Incharge Election Commission, Jowai and the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). Seng, Samla Damanleki Lathong, expressed his deep sorrow over the illegal entry of foreigners, as those who have been involved in this crime are not only Indians.
He is also one of the leaders who fought against the Shiah sign and demanded the rectification of the border between India and Bangladesh.
He also appealed to the students to make good use of their knowledge in the right way and to use e-content, which will also be a source of inspiration for teachers in this age of technology. will bring about many changes in the education and knowledge of the students.
Love that also promises to live well and live forever in this world.
“After taking over as CEM of the district council, Pyniaid Sing Syiem has been responsible in taking over all the issues that are important for the welfare of the people of the society, especially regarding the Clan Bill,” said Malngiang.
The Government and Religion are our mother and father and we should respect and honor them.
However, as of now, it is learned that the Telangana government has decided to increase the number of creek roads to help prevent and avoid the felling of many trees in the KBR Park. for the Strategic Road Development (SRDP) Project.
The Church wishes Ma Sniawbhalang to continue to provide assistance and to serve the people and the constituency as a whole.
The Syiem of Sohra (ii) Vol.29 No Shillong Tuesday (Nongkrem) Regd.
There are many men and women who will celebrate the glory of Trekirot, Na Yung and Raij and Dong and Sarot.
Not only the elderly, but also from the children to the young men, as soon as they get the chance, they go down to the rivers.
People who are wise and knowledgeable do not get a place.
Hebrews 9:27 “And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment”.
In addition to the above, the party stands firm to split the joint cadre of Assam-Meghalaya; to return the land occupied by the army from Umshyrpi to Kirkit Laban to Lady Keane, near the State Central Library to Iewduh and Jhalupra; to acquire the land of Block-I and Block-II and to fix the boundary in all the 12 areas bordering Assam; The party stands for the change of the foreign name “Meghalaya” to the local name.
Jorhat: A massive protest was held at New Sonowal in Jorhat district of Upper Assam today over the issue of Nagaland land acquisition in Assam.
Firstly, why doesn’t the government want to make the report of this work public? and secondly, has the government informed and consulted with all those involved in this matter, before reaching this social agreement? to the citizens of the state, that after 50 years of independence, they are the only ones who can resolve the border issue.
Besides the complaint against the coke factories, the HYC has also lodged a complaint against the illegal mining of coke by Assamese in the Malidor River.
In 2018, when the MDA government comes to power, we will have to meet with various groups to resolve the ban on coal mining for the benefit of the people,” said Conrad. Jadi was arrested in South Garo Hills.
He is completely different from other people and even from his neighbors.
He said that the office has informed the Rangbah Shnongs for a long time to send their resolution through the Claims and Objection form by the 21st of this month on these lists. they were never sent and it wasn’t until today that they were collected that they were recalled.
Suddenly, a fire broke out across the villages in Manipur, including the villages, burning down the houses of the people, especially the Kuki, and killing hundreds. .
He also urged all passengers to respect and obey the laws of the village.
In the second match which was played at 12:30 pm, Them Rangshken SC beat Mawpat SC 3-1, at 2:30 pm, Madanryting SC beat Madanryting SC 2-1 Mawlai beat Kick Start Academy 2-1 at 4:15 pm in the U-14 (Boys) Football League. 2023' which was held at the MFA Turf Polo Ground, Shillong on 24th July.
“We have handed over to RS Wanniang and A Shangpliang to study the details of the Bill,” said Titosster.
The 62 weeks or 434 years. 34 years are the time of Jesus Christ from his birth to the time he entered Jerusalem as King.
The match remained tied 2-2 until the 80th minute.
Girls and boys who can enter the training program are from 4 to 18 years of age.
On the 30th of July and also on the 3rd of this month, the East Jaintia Hills District Police in collaboration with the Infiltration Check Post Umtyra have seized a large quantity of illegal drugs. drugs and arrest those involved.
“The NPP is a party from this state, don't mislead the people just because there is a leader,” said the NPP MP candidate. from one nation.
A fierce battle is underway to curb the invasion of Al Qaeda militants and the Iraqi people have come out to fight against the militants, led by the government of that country.
Members of the Working Committee, who came from other states of India, also had the opportunity to see firsthand the activities of the Catholic Church and their work at the 15th General Meeting. of the Union of Elders of Sohra Parish which was held at the Catholic Church of Mawsmai Village.
After the elections, and after the ARPA came to power in KHADC, there were shoplifting incidents in which the KHADC went to raid shops without licenses. the arrest of illegal market vendors.
Utkarsh Goel and Sidhant Gupta, founders of the company, said they came to demonstrate how the garbage truck works. It cannot collect about 200 kilos of garbage per day but there are many garbage trucks that can bring in many kilos of garbage per day.
Mawkyrwat, November 05: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA and Minister of Water Resources, Government of Meghalaya, today inaugurated the Sohkhyllam Resource Centers (SRC) at Sohkhyllam Village, South West. Khasi Hills District with a budget of T.40 lakh and with the existence of this CRC it will be a blessing to many.
“We have recently written to the Chief Minister to set a date to discuss the Meghalaya Land Regulation Act 1971 on how to implement it as soon as possible.
“If it wants to do this, the MBOSE should have given notice a few months before the results so that parents and booksellers can do whatever is necessary,” he said. According to information, even the Booksellers Association in the state has sent a letter to the MeBOSE on this issue.
The Additional Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah B Jyrwa in a statement, said that this happened after Khliehriat Police arrived in Shillong with the assistance of the ANTF. The East Khasi Hills District and Rynjah Police Station have arrested the suspects from Shillong and brought them to Khliehriat for further investigation.
On the other hand, the police are ready to protect anything during the curfew to ensure that peace and order will maintain.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, on Friday said that the heads of many schools in the state have requested the Ministry of Education that they are not ready for the The implementation of the New Education Policy (NEP) 2020 in this academic session.
This prayer is to ask the gods and kings to take care of the children of the nation and the country and the world as a whole to get health and to fight this disease according to the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. He also congratulated all those who came from different places during the lockdown imposed by the Government of India to fight against the disease and congratulated the doctors. nurses, soldiers, police and others who have come forward to fight against this disease.
“I don't know about the NoC because if any development work comes from Assam or the installation of post electricity, I complain and inform the relevant authorities,” he said. NoC while I was against it and I don't know who gave the NoC to the Assam Government,” he said.
To find out the facts, the High Court has directed the CBI to investigate into the incident.
Key topics at the conference will include early detection of tuberculosis, knowledge of treatment, knowledge of tuberculosis, technology-enabled screening, treatment of have with support, research and surviving this disease.
Bah Lyngdoh urged the government when it prohibits employees from holding village posts according to the Meghalaya Conduct (Service) Rules, it should also allow them to hold church and civil society posts.
According to some former HSPDP leaders from Mawthadraishan, it was learned that among those who could apply for tickets, the vote of many was for Biolinda to contest from the party. They cannot say anything because the decision depends on the wisdom of the party.
She is also the first athlete to break the Asian Championships qualifying standard of 13.63 seconds set by the Athletics Federation of India (AFI).
When criticizing one's fellow political parties, one should focus only on political and social issues, old policies and new policies.
The KHUDA's no-confidence motion against the Executive Committee has surprised the MDCs who are skeptical of the ruling party, as earlier the KHUDA had refused to hold a power struggle.
Along with Bah Kharbani, police have also arrested four others on the same charge.
Shillong, November 20: Lajong FC have lost 3-0 to Aizawl FC in the first leg of the tournament in Shillong. Shillong, November: The District Unit on Friday demanded that the Director of Health Services (MI) should appoint a full-time District Medical Health Officer (DMHO) in West Jaintia Hills District as there is no DMHO in the district.
The High Court has directed the DGP not to submit a written statement on the findings of Justice Katakey.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has sent a letter to the CEM of KHADC, expressing its dissatisfaction with the working methods of the EC within the ARPA. On July 10, 2013, the CEM, Bah Ardent M Basa, appointed the EMs of the UDP, which did not appoint them.
He said that Bah Sanbor, MLA from the BJP, had expressed his opposition to the misuse of the government scheme by the NPP at the recent meeting of the MDA. Shillong, November 09: The VPP through its Spokesperson, Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, on Tuesday said that the investigation into the The investigation into corruption and other incidents in the state will only succeed if another government comes after the 2023 MLA elections.
It is learned that these two people whom Sengban does not know at all have also asked for accommodation.
The Chairman of the JAC, Bah Gilbert Kharraswai, urged the District Council to take immediate action on the complaint of the children of the Hima against Syiem Niandro Syiemiong.
She said that Bah Pala as President of the MPCC is well qualified.
Pathankot, July 5: U Bania, who survived the kidnapping in Pathankot, said that he did not expect to be alive but it was by the power of God that the militants released him. live him and throw him in a forest.
Recalling the ban on the construction of churches in Arunachal Pradesh and the order to demolish churches in Manipur which has led to protests and unrest in parts of the Northeast, the Archbishops said that the destruction of a church in Delhi has led to misleading and encouraging gangs.
On Friday, 288 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, six people died, bringing the death toll to 1509 in the state.
That is the step that does not understand the creation of the food that the mind has worked.
In the name of Jesus Amen.
The National People's Party (NPP) has won the elections to the 1st Legislative Assembly of the State, with the National People's Party (NPP) winning the elections. which has the highest number of MLAs, ie 26, and needs another 5 MLAs to get a majority to form a new Government.
On the first day of registration, 2 candidates registered at KHADC, on the 2nd and 5th, 356 candidates and today 113 candidates. after.
Speaking on the occasion, the KSU leaders spoke about the selflessness of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem as a Syiem who fought and protected his own people to fight against the British rule. At the same time, they gave speeches of encouragement to the students who received the awards to continue to work hard in their studies and especially to become those youth who have responsibility for the country and the country. kind of people.
Shillong, Naitung :The RKJ has expressed its satisfaction and honor that the Government of India has selected Shillong as one of the 100 Smart Cities of India. .
In its order on the PIL, the full bench said that it appears that there has been a failure to clean up Barapani and also to remove the garbage. in the water, in addition to many of the new structures surrounding the lake.
Students and teachers in schools: In 2021-22, the number of students enrolled in primary to higher secondary education was 25.57 crore compared to 25.38 crore in 2020-2 19.36 lakh newly enrolled children.
On the 4th of June at 9.30 pm, Madanrting Police Station arrested Khualsuamtak (23) from Lumjingsuk Block-A and recovered a soap box containing 12.19 grams of heroin.
"“Ka Seng would like to ask the State Government whether those mynder who took the life of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta (bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) have been punished according to the law and whether it is known exactly. but they that do evil.
As soon as he stood up from his seat to deliver his speech, Nalin Kohli spoke in Khasi and said, “Greetings to you all, I am happy to see you all, I congratulate Dr. Khongjee who organized the meeting. today".
This decision was taken at a meeting of the Executive Committee of the Meghalaya Accredited Social Activist Workers' Union (MASHAWU) held at Mawlai Motsyiar.
“In previous years it was not too severe, but in 2022 it has been too severe and the damage has been severe,” said the farmers.
Pynursla, Jymmang 13: The Wahtyr Saw Bridge, which connects Pynter and Nongshyrngan, villages below Pynursla, has caused a serious threat to the people as the bridge has almost collapsed.
Bah Latiplang also criticized the government for its lack of performance which is a problem and a serious threat to our poor people if it does not implement properly its powers.
Since the Coronavirus has spread around the world we have seen signs of divisions between many countries of the world, power struggles and struggles against each other as written in the Word of God.
Moonlight Pariat, President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) West Jaintia Hills District Unit, has announced that he will contest again in the 2023 MLA elections.
We have seen that the Indian government does not support the CAA and is moving forward and will not support the introduction of the UCC as it is the long-standing desire of the BJP party.
Marak, who is well known for speaking aiding words, has been accused of inciting the people to create trouble.
He also promised that the stadium will be built as a mini stadium and that through this it will be a blessing to the people especially to the young players.
These two persons and others who attended the ceremony witnessed the treatment of Dr Pakyntein to patients from all over Ri Khasi Jaintia and other states who suffer from chronic diseases. He showed them through pictures that he put on computers and printed from the day he started treating them until they got well.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah P.Marshra said that the thieves in these days even the pig from the house in the evening have been willing to steal and the surprising thing is that the pig does not lynñiar at all when carrying.
To prevent the coffee tree from getting this disease, they clean the clear part of the body so that it can produce more branches. coffee.
In the first leg of the tournament, Them Rangshken beat Mawpat Sports Club 3-1
These four villages include Moopyllaitsyiar, Khliehtyrshi, Demthring, Moobakhon and Synrangbangbluh in the southern part of Jowai.
He said that there has been no trouble in this area since the past when the people lived in peace and harmony but the arrival of the owners of Nongspung B and Umtyrnga villages has shocked the people who have been living in peace and harmony. people live in shops and build houses.
“We have sent a letter to the government regarding the invasion of our land but most of the time nothing is known, even they have rejected our letter,” said Lyngddoh.
NASA scientists say an asteroid will pass by Earth next month and will be a 3,280-foot-high rock.
From time to time, the residents of Mawlai, have come to complain, from many villages which used to come and go on foot or by car.
The BSF on Tuesday said that the BSF at Muktapur, seized these vehicles while they were leaving Amlarem.
Banteidor Syngkrem (27) and Arkini Laloo (60) scored the second goal for Lion.
John Leslee K Sangma, who was an MDC earlier, will win the MLA election in
At present, the national team is currently training at the Khao Yai Sports Complex, Thailand ahead of the start of the AFC U-17 Asian Cup; The team is scheduled to play against Vietnam on the 17th, followed by Uzbekistan on the 20th and the final match against Japan on the 23rd in Group D. India will face Lebanon in the final match of the Intercontinental Cup in Bhubaneswar with the aim of qualifying for the 100th FIFA ranking. to the final after beating Mongolia and Vanuatu in their previous matches.
The victim was from Mookympad village in East Jaintia Hills District and the truck was coming from Wapung area with the intention of returning to Lad Rymbai.
Think carefully about this passage.
“The small size of the road in the area and the deterioration of the road have caused problems to the people and it is necessary to expedite the construction of the road,” he said.
Robertjune said the party congratulates the residents for standing up to fight against the Assam & Karbi to protect the border.
Among the nine, another person, Restin Iawphniaw, who is still in Civil Hospital, Shillong, was shot dead by a bird's nest.
As a nation that has advanced in knowledge, thinking and we also see the intellectual development, as someone said, we have really developed, but let us not develop the evil and let us try to develop the good. Lead us to build a country and a nation that is alive, prosperous, prosperous and glorious.
For registration please call: 8974560098.
When asked about the details of the VC's notice, Chyne said the VC had asked for two days to decide on disciplinary action against Das.
Faith is the strength of the soul; you have destroyed others.
In Acts 2:20, it says, "The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the coming of the Lord Jesus.
In a statement, the Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that through this decision, the government will give a new salary to 112 government college teachers and 605 non-government college teachers. don in the state.
Thus, the explanation of these researchers says that the most perfect love lies in giving and kindness.
Referring to the Government's plan to introduce NCERT books in the state, Bah Roykupar urged the Government to think carefully before implementing this.
During the celebration, the lyndan chiefs also distributed equipment and aids to those with disabilities who came to participate in this programme.
Shillong, July 20: The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong, Lower Lumparing, Shillong, which was held on the 25th of this month at the Indoor Stadium, Lower Lumparing, Shillong, has unanimously elected new office bearers of the Executive Committee. part of the three-year implementation period 2022-2
The Harijan Panchayat Committee will take a decision after receiving the blueprint this morning.
When asked, he said, “In our State, if we talk about syiar production, there is nothing.
The Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima said that in fact, the approval should have been obtained from the residents of the area, the people and also from the Hima Nongstoiñ. Syiem and then go to KHADC and Government and on the part of the Syiem promised to take action and will take strong action if they violate the law, while on the part of the DC promised to Regarding the influx of illegal foreigners into these factories, the Seng has already lodged a complaint with the Labor Department. Commissioner of the District because the owners of these factories have violated the Inter State Migrant Workers Act
He said that Jesus came to earth for the poor, the needy, the needy and the orphans, not for the wise and the rich.
Desecrate : to desecrate is to destroy something; blood is a sin against humanity.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the roads in the village have been cleaned since the year of Nehlang Lyngdoh's victory which means 15 years during his tenure as MLA and now five years during the tenure of Justine Dkhar.
However, the Speaker did not respect this and even when the Nongkrem MLA raised his hand to show at the end of the dorbar, the Speaker did not respect it.
Because many of those who work abroad live in PGs or private hostels, and there are also those who rent, and now many of the companies don't pay salaries and don't get the salary. There is no transportation and no flight, so we want to know how the government of Meghalaya has decided for us, (especially) especially the For those children who work and students, NaMar has closed all works and vehicles, roads, banks and others.
Of these 105 cases, in East Khasi Hills, 66 cases include 3 cases from Armed Forces, 40 cases from High Risk Contacts, 1 case from High Risk Contact, 1 case from Golflink Cluster, 1 case from Jaiaw Cluster and 2 cases from Jail Road. cases from Laban cluster, one from Mawkhar cluster, 4 cases from Mawlai Mawdatbaki Cluster, 3 cases from Mawprem cluster, 4 cases from Nongmynsong cluster, one case from Oakland Road cluster, one case from Polo cluster, 2 cases from Rynjah cluster and one case from Rynjah cluster. Umpling cluster.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Government of Meghalaya has decided to strengthen the skills of children in Science and Mathematics and for this purpose, it has conducted a training for teachers to provide adequate training to them. children from primary to secondary classes.
Through the grace of God, I hope that the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) will reap the fruits of victory in these four states, especially to rule the country. in one day, by the grace of God.
On the same day, it was also reported that not only those who are still vaccinating for the first time, but also many residents who have completed the first vaccination have come for the second vaccination. the second or 2nd dose.
However, in the past months and years, parents have had to find ways and means to provide mobile or smart phones to their children so that they can continue their education, because if there is no Mobile we don't have the opportunity to study anywhere, and many of the students who drop out of school or have to drop out of school because they come from poor families whose parents They don't have the ability to provide mobile phones to their children by tens of thousands.
“The Khasi Pnar people are unique and cannot be said that they are not the same. If we have decided to implement this Act in Khasi Hills, we want it to be implemented in Jaintia Hills as well. Speaking to reporters after the meeting, we can prevent our people from being involved in kur and counting the blood among us,” said Bah Shylla.
Day.
Don't be afraid of the little ones.
The program was conducted by Bah Mutshwa Thabah President of PWDS and welcome speech was delivered by Rev Fr Becare Orlando Dkhar Principal of St Joseph's Sec School.
He was impressed by the beauty of the forests and hills.
The program will be held at the Community Hall Wapung Chnong at 10 pm.
In the petition, the BJYM reminded that last month, the numbers of the SPTS buses should be changed from ML01 to other numbers so that they can pay tax under the Motor Vehicles Act. , 1989.
Also present at the program were DB Gunanka, Additional Project Director, CLLMP, Shri D Hynniewta, Project Director, DRDA and others.
In the second half, Shillong Lajong FC had the opportunity to score the third goal through a corner from Kenstar Kharshong.
"The VPP on Tuesday held a protest to protest against the silence of the NPP-led MDA-2 Government on the demand to suspend all the plantations. You have reviewed the Reservation Policy.
The CEM said that strict rules will be implemented to ensure that people will not be allowed to come and skud jak.
If the taxes are not sufficient, the Governments will have to follow up.
The arrest of the members of the union on suspicion of involvement in the burning of those vehicles in the past few days, is their duty and the union does not accept that the members of the union The Seng has not sent any of its members to commit such acts.
Redyfernandy Sun was elected as President and Ïainehskhem Ryntathiang as General Secretary. Nonstop.
The inability to work properly depends on the defects or poor quality of the equipment made or used and the inability to shrong-oh shrup them.
The Dolloi of Amwi District, Jemewell Pyrtuh, has appointed Acting Waheh Shnong Ami Tariang, which has caused protests from the villagers. Last year, on the 17th of March 2020, the residents of Jarain took to the streets to protest against the Dolloi and the council and demanded the election of a new Waheh Shnong.
“They will send a report to get funds to work on the affected areas,” said Bah ML Lawai.
Good Paul, now you are older and you have made the best decision.
The 264.30 km Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura road was constructed at a cost of T.1494 crore in June, 2011 and is scheduled to be completed in October,
The tournament, organized by the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Mawlai Circle, was inaugurated on Tuesday at the Mawlai Phudmuri Mini Stadium.
Agnes Kharshiing President CSWO said that as the woman was not accepted, the police had to arrest her by female police officers because there was no place to put her.
The Supreme Court said, “Express your opinion.
The purpose behind this is to reach out to the people who love the environment and who have a desire to care for and protect it according to their ability.
Conrad also alleged that the Chief Minister does not think about the state but he wants what he means to be so. “This has brought about these shortcomings in the state,” he said.
Many of them want their children to learn and become doctors, engineers and other professions. part of bringing service to fellow human beings.
The ban on vehicles from passing through the bridge will come into force on the 14th and 15th of this month.
Jowai, Naitung 21: Police of Lad-Rymbai Beat House, have arrested two suspects in connection with the robbery of a Bolero pickup along with its driver.
During the meeting, the officer said that the kilo cutting is illegal.
In the match played at Umbuda, Nongpoh, EKH were bowled first and the team scored 216 runs for the loss of three wickets in 28 overs.
“On the other hand, the President has requested the Government, the Minister of Sports and the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs to help in providing the ring, training hall and sports equipment.
The test will also be conducted on local fish from this area.
“We have discussed that the government should respect the fundamental rights as citizens of this state on the land granted by the Constitution in the 6th Scheduled,” said Bah Sutnga.
Deputy Commissioner.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah S Nongtnger, today informed the public that the visit of the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah, on the 18th and 19th July Therefore, there will be a disruption in the parking of vehicles and furthermore, on the roads where the heavy vehicles will pass, only one side of the road will be allowed for vehicles to pass, during the passage of these heavy vehicles. and thus the vehicles were ordered not to interfere or to run straight, in their own line, to run.
He said that as a party employee, he must remain in the party whether he loses or wins the ticket in order to win the party candidate.
“I cannot say that I have won but I have to wait for the result on the 16th of June,” he said.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Minister said that the establishment of the factory is the first step in producing clean electricity.
A hydraulic drum and a shock absorber have also been installed in the engine in case the engine fails and falls to the ground.
Journalists cannot even go to court to report the government's excesses.
The tournament started on the 20th of November with the participation of eight teams including Lion Mission Compound Sports and Youth Affairs, Khimusniang, Yakrehlang SC Nangbah, Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng Knorsyiem and Kiang Nangbah. Govt.
world.
There are also young women from Nagaland and Mizoram who have come to work at the Marriot Hotel.
The Education Policy does not explain or specify the details of how education should be conducted in the State.
If politics is not a way to accumulate wealth, why are there 375 candidates for 60 seats? 315 (220%) of them will lose.
pp. 380,381.
Hek said that during his visit to Delhi, he will also discuss the issue of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) for the protest of teachers and students against the continuation of the to Prof.S.K Srivastava as Vice-Chancellor.
Replying to a question by Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the reason why the Municipal has not separated the garbage is that the Municipal has not separated the garbage. and non-rotten is because the people have not followed the rules laid down by the government to dispose of rotten and non-rotten garbage.
Two .22 pistols and 9.22 rounds of ammunition were seized from a hidden place at Nan Polok Lake, Shillong.
Police said that the child is in good health and after completing the necessary procedures, he was handed over to his mother.
The residents of Namdong B on Friday came forward to get vaccinated against COVID-1
Repent ye, and believe the gospel.
On the other hand, the CAG said that the lack of clarity on the location of the shyiap mine has resulted in a higher cost than what should have been used even though in fact there are ways and means to improve the use of shyiap. but the department has also forced the contractors to transport the stone from the nearest mines.
Ma Pala said that one family whose land was robbed by these people, when they had robbed, they started demanding T.11,000/- (Ktwei thousand tyngka).
Where will Ri go if everything is lost? The Federal Government will simply have to throw up its hands to say that it cannot do so.
He said that he knew that he was the IGP Law and Order MK Singh.
Also present on the occasion were Rev. Nicholas Maiong, MSFS Parish Priest, Fr. Joby Mathew, Alvin Savio Kharkongor, President of SACYM; the Fathers of Tura, the sisters and the youth.
The residents said that after talking to the law enforcement authorities and requesting them to allow them to attend the public hearing, the police and some of the residents stopped them and allowed only the leaders. Lakadong Elaka and the Waheh Shnongs to enter the Public Hearing venue while the people have to return to their villages. He said that patrols have been sent and blocked by people wearing masks and covered clothes from 8 pm to 11 pm on the roads to enter the roads. the meeting place at Bataw.
It means that the world will not end until this LYIUR of the great tribulation is over.
The Principal Health Secretary, the Principal Health Secretary, said that the number of births in health centers has increased to 60 percent in the state, following the launch of the lifesaving campaign by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. infants and mothers.
“We have met with the Director of Sports, Kong Isawanda Laloo and we have requested for the provision of a training ground and a ring so that it will be of assistance to the players.
According to the DGP, the escape of the prisoners is under investigation.
He said that the flooding will affect the climate change and could also be dangerous during the earthquake.
He said this is because the government has had to implement the Roster System in the Reservation Policy which has been decided to implement since
The Security Supervisor was identified as T.Hame Kympad and in the complaint lodged with the police, three employees of the company were named as involved in the smuggling of coal from the company. the company you work for.
In the second match of the men's category, the Seng Samla Nongpoh team played against the Monarchs. Samla Nongpoh scored 61-50 baskets.
The Chief Minister was replaced by Coming Ymbon, Minister of PWD (Bldg) in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Local MLA Nujorki Sungoh. JHADC CEM Thombor Shiwat and his team of MDCs.
Shillong, November 19: U Bah Shemstar Rynjah, resident of Lawsohtun village, on Tuesday announced that he will contest as an independent candidate for the MDC election from Laban-Mawprem constituency.
“I'm going to go to the crowd,” she replied.
“In Jammu and Kashmir, it took three months to discuss the formation of a government but here in our country, even in 24 hours, no one has raised their hand,” he said.
If we want to get adequate equipment, the cost per student will be about T.50,000," said a teacher of the disabled.
When the old bowl of food was taken, The thirty-two came to take it.
Legislation shall be introduced in the country to provide • Adequate opportunities for farmers to sell their products at fair prices; • Liberalization of trade from one state to another; e-trading for agricultural products.
The body is still in the morgue at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh and it is said that the body will decompose soon.
The Wars don't use the word Khynriam, they say that the Nongphlang refers to all the Khasi who live on the hills and most of the plants – while the Khasi in Bhoi – use the word Nongsor. – because it is closer to Shillong.
“At the same time, while appealing to the people to exercise their right to vote, he said that if the voting ends, the villages should not be allowed to spend You can vote by casting your vote.
The last issue that the union has expressed to the Minister through this letter is that it has requested him to inform the government to improve the roads and roads. Vehicles going to Nongkhnum District, so that it will attract more tourists and will benefit the government as well as the people of West Khasi Hills District.
193 players from all over the country took part in the tournament and the tournament was conducted under the supervision of three international referees including Pynsuklang Sumer, Lambhadaka Patlong and Hame Shaniah Suiam.
The people have recognized that the NPP has failed to bring about development in the state, which it did when Conrad Sangma was sworn in as the Chief Minister of the state. “Many people expect him to do many things, which the Congress party has not done in many years, but the NPP is too much,” said Chakraborty. The BJP, which has invited many leaders to the party, said that the party will attract all the citizens of the state and the country as well, because the people have seen the works of the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi, to bring about economic development in all aspects.
Oh! Why is this happening to the children of the land in this age? But the powerful men are wrong, Before the law the tree of judgment, the tree of rule.
Earnings and wealth in mankind are the gifts of God, which grows in its own right, but this should not rule over the goodness of God, but by good deeds, righteous deeds, and the rule of behavior in our humanity so that we do not fall – without limits from righteous thinking – to cleanse the path to God is our soul, each and every one.
Meanwhile, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, who is also the leader of the Trinamool Congress, told of the party's origins, saying that after the formation of the Trinamool Congress in , the TMC has held elections to the Legislative Assembly of the country, just two months after the formation of the party, at that time no one knew the shap of the party, but it worked hard. The party has won seven MPs in the elections.
The final withdrawal of nominations will be on the 13th June and the polling day on the 27th June 2018, from 7am to 4pm and the counting of votes will be on the 1st June
Congress MP Vincent Pala said that the elections in India were smooth and corruption-free and that the BJP's efforts to hold elections in the era of the time is to destroy eligible political parties.
He came in human form.
Although there has been a ban on coal mining in the state, except for the mining using scientific methods, the National Green Tribunal and the Supreme Court, the mining of coal has been banned. “Illegal activities continue in this state,” said the High Court.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday congratulated the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, on his victory in the last elections and especially on his assumption of office. the prime minister.
The life of Fr Sngi is an example of encouragement to the people of Meghalaya.
If we want to protect and care for the environment we need to turn back and follow the customs and teachings of the Iawbei Creator.
Mulait United FC and Narwan SC have qualified for the semifinals of the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA) Super League.
This was announced after the district administration received information that there will be a mass march to the DC's office on Tuesday from 9:00 pm.
One of the most worrying things for the government is the presence of the VPP because the government has seen that the people have given their full support to the party as shown in the last election.
She said that the work of Sakhi Banks is very important to help especially the people in the rural areas who do not have bank accounts.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, on Thursday, inspected and convened a meeting to review the works on the implementation of the KSU. The new State Legislative Assembly will be held in Mawdiangdiang.
If there is no urgent decision, Japan (and other countries) will disappear,” said Musk.
“Today, in implementation of the powers conferred by Section 3 of the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act 1958, the Central Government has declared the entire state of Nagaland as a danger zone. will be for one year from July 10, 2015,” said a statement from the government.
“No one can take the law into their own hands, I ask everyone if they have any thoughts, we are ready to talk, but to take the law into their own hands is wrong. The government cannot accept it,” he said.
He said that the Congress party has now taken steps to join hands with small and new political parties – which are also parties that have never won. in any elections.
He said that the vote he cast did not go to the candidate he cast and went elsewhere.
The Union expresses its deep sorrow over the failure of the State Government to implement the electricity project which has been suspended for nearly 7 to 8 years and urged the leaders of the Union to They should take part in this project which is a way to bring benefits to the people.
Many of these suppliers to the factory are from Sohra including Laitryngew, Mawkma, Mawkisyiem, Mawmluh and Mawlong.
The party also handed over a letter to the Chief Minister.
He made the announcement at the final of the Kyrmen Foundation Knockout Football Tournament 2022 on Thursday.
“If we get more MLAs in 2023, we will elect Bah Metbah Lyngdoh as the Chief Minister,” he said.
Furthermore, the officers said that regarding the collapse of houses, what the government is doing is that if there are houses that have no relatives, the government helps to help build the houses. temporary relief camp for them to stay and provides only food items, such as rice, dai and other food items.
Finally, I have translated into Khasi from the writing of Rev Elizabeth Rawlings and that is “Moments of Eternity”.
Shillong: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) today issued a notice to approve the transportation of 2 lakh metric tons of coal. lakh metric tonnes in Meghalaya.
The meeting was conducted by Naba Bhattacharjee, Zonal Convener of NE Zone to select the 15 players.
