Tip how the government of Capt.
Prestone said the state government has set up two committees, one headed by the CEO of the Shillong Municipal Board and the other headed by the Deputy Commissioners.
The Indian government has now given permission to the Pakistan football team to participate in the tournament to be held in Bengaluru. The SAFF Cup will be held from the 21st of this month to the 4th of May
During the inspection, Sacheti declined to speak to the media as he wanted to investigate further from the government officials.
Most of them will still struggle to have their own farmland in which they will have their own household.
It is bordered by the Myntang and Mynriang Rivers, the two famous rivers that lead to the Kupli River.
When they fell, they began to cry, to shake their heads, why don't the students get jobs, why don't they have water, why don't they have to buy, why doesn't the fire go out? , why there is not enough care for the sick, why the roads are crowded, why the markets, agriculture, income generation, many other reasons.
Only four UDP MDCs attended the meeting while four other MDCs were absent and two could not attend as they were still in urgent need to Delhi.
Dr Ronald P Kharshiing, Lecturer at the College and Chairman of the Khasi Authors' Society, introduced Bah Raphael Warjri as the Guest Guest.
Besides, many of the office jobs, the people of the area still have to go to Nongstoiñ due to the lack of branches in the Civil Sub Division and various departments that should not exist.
It is worth mentioning here that the government in recent years, has used.
No one can tell when this disease will end.
The speakers on this occasion expressed their gratitude to the village of Nongbah-Marshilong for celebrating the 13th anniversary of the village through cooperation and unity.
On the other hand, the Chief Justice said that this action of the HPC is an insult to the court and the government and the High Court expects the government to expedite this action. .
On the last day of the funeral of Tbn.Dr.Jerin Syiem, a short story about the life of Tbn.Dr.Jerin Syiem was read. to serve as a doctor, to spread the disease in Ri-Bhoi and especially to be one of the leaders in the Church.
If this Act is repealed, we don't have the authority to look after the business of foreigners,” said Bah War.
As a national party, we don't want to be intimidated and become the head of the government in Delhi.
The State Co-Owners, Miners and Dealers Forum (STF) has strongly condemned the shooting incident by the police at Wapung village, East Jaintia Hills on 24th November 2014 in which two people were killed. people have lost it.
The people who used to live in the areas near the army themselves were shocked when they saw such activities of the army.
They also expressed to Bah Lapang that they want his answer whether he will continue with the current BCC or renew it with others especially in the mid-term elections.
Earlier, only small vehicles were allowed to pass through the road but now even small vehicles have been banned, the source said.
She has been treated for COVID-19 and also for fever and other illnesses affecting the tor.
Explaining on this, the Chief Minister said that the 40% quota has decided that every 25 vacant government posts will go to those with disabilities. will be added together to get this total.
In the match between Nongdawah and Sohra Combine, Nongdawah CC, which won the toss, allowed Sohra Combine to tied first and the team failed to score runs for the loss of all wickets. scoring just 78 runs in 14 overs.
Jowai: The Dorbar Tlang of the JHADC has ended for one day without any discussions and even the motion tabled by Ma Moonlight Pariat has been rejected without any discussion.
He said that we have seen that the BJP has pointed fingers at the NPP on allegations of corruption and many problems have arisen in the state and not only the BJP but we have also seen the same allegations against the NPP. He also urged the public to be vigilant against these allegations made by these political parties. “All the political parties in the MDA government including the NPP, UDP, HSPDP, PDF, and KHNAM have promised to provide protection for the benefit of the people. “I don't know what to do,” said Dr. Mukul.
The people have fulfilled their duty to vote for the pansngiat in
The registration has started and is ongoing now and those who wish to register will have to download the app & register.
This is according to police sources at Jowai Police Station. After the investigation by the Deputy Superintendent of Police (HQRS), Rimialson Daw, the relatives of the deceased have arrested Rimialson Daw. Rimialson is mentally retarded and is still undergoing treatment.
And when we are in power, this is our time to show our work,” said Bah Metbah.
The only thing we know is that God will take His loved ones to the eternal future, to – “Things which eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, but these are the things which God hath prepared for them that love him" (1 Corinthians 2:9).
To raise awareness on the dangers and rapid increase of HIV/AIDS, the Red Ribbon Club of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat in collaboration with MACS Shillong, Kyrmen Foundation, Lad Rymbai and Jaintia Hills Cement Thangskai will hold the District Level Youth Festival 2023 at Khliehriat on 28-29th November.
Police, who received a tip on the incident, took the body to Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat for postmortem.
Puramon Kynjing said that the agreement will be one with a common understanding to bring about peace and stability in the Elaka as a whole.
She said that in every five people there are those who are going through mental illness.
The KSU Wapung Unit also requests the government to strengthen and expedite the investigation and to search for the robbers and punish them severely.
Shillong: The Cherra Bosconian Union (CBU), the alumni union of St. John Bosco Boys' Higher Secondary School, Sohra, will celebrate its Golden Jubilee on on the 5th of November
The purpose of this yatra is to ensure the full implementation of various welfare programs launched by the Government of India.
Shillong: The North East Students Organization (NESO) has demanded that the North East Students Organization (NESO) should call for talks with all the rebel groups in the country. in the North East so that the region can be at peace.
Later, the protest was suspended due to the Government's readiness to pay, according to a statement to the media.
In 2019, the Brazilian came to Asia and signed for Thai League 2 Samat Prakan City 2 for the first time.
He said that bars and restaurants can operate only by providing the food items that the people need.
It was too much really.
Shillong, June 20: The Director of the Manbha Foundation, Dr Rica Lamar, on Tuesday said that there are 273 women prostitutes, most of whom are childless out of 699 prostitutes.
Bateithymmai Nongrum thanked God, her parents, brothers and sisters, as well as all those who have contributed to support her. I would like to thank the All Meghalaya Dancer's Association, Batesi Channel and the journalists for spreading the word about my talent, and my teacher Mr. Dilip Dutta who has worked. hard and open until you reach the goal.
Environmentalists have criticized the State Government for thinking carefully about setting up rain water harvesting areas.
Speaking on the occasion, u D.Laloo thanked God that through the help of God he has been able to do this good deed for others. to help the poor and needy.
Khliehriat, July 14: A heavy landslide has occurred on the National Highway at Sonapyrdi, near the tunnel, due to heavy rainfall since last night. This has caused heavy traffic jam on the NH-6 at Sonapyrdi and Lumshnong. All vehicles including small vehicles, heavy vehicles, The incident occurred at Narpuh, East Jaintia Hills District.
Kim didn't see the man coming.
“Look here, we have arranged with your mother that for now you will stay with her first and the salary you get you should save so that you can build a house in her house and in the new year you will stay. yourself and these two brothers of yours that you should support their schooling.
Everyone sees that the pandemic in the last two years has not only affected the economy, but also the mental health and has completely changed the economy in all aspects whether from the rich to the poor.
Meanwhile, the KSU has sent a letter to the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Dr. Nalin Mehta to consider the issue faced by the applicants.
The neighboring villages are Sohparu and Lawse to the east.
JACAC has launched a Signature Campaign in various parts of Ri-Bhoi District to protest against the government's plan to introduce empty camps in Ri-Bhoi District. The Meghalaya Gaming Act 2021 is not available.
SHILLONG: The Khasi song “L.O.M.L” has been released on the 2nd of November,
Police have received information from the owners of the house that the woman was lying dead in the room where she lived and that it was locked from outside. apartment.
Many of the foreigners have fled to the CRPF camp at Dakopgre for fear of their lives.
Ampareen said this in response to a zero hour notice issued by the VPP MLA from North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum regarding the RTI request of Bah Disparsing Rani, alleging that the amount of T. crore has been allocated to fight against Covid-19 in the State.
“We have tried to increase the prize money to attract the runners by setting the category from 18-35 years as the Open Category for men and women, which is T.50,000/- for those who T.30,000/- for the first prize, T.20,000/- for the second prize and T.20,000/- for the third prize.
However, in the past few years, the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram, which has given permission for this ritual, has sent youngsters to look after the cleanliness. and to help when there is no part.
Conrad said that at the meeting, the government also expressed its concern on the issue and assured that the government will expedite the work.
The Seng has spoken out against the attacks on the Khasi living on the border in the past especially the incident in Sahsniang in 2003 where 4000 Khasi had to flee from Block 1 due to harassment by the Khasi. Assam police and Karbi rebels, the shooting of Khasi in Langpih market, West Khasi Hills in 2010 in which four Khasi elders were killed, the killing of Bah Tyngshaiñ Mukhim by Nepalis on the border of Ri Bhoi in Raid Nongrung in 2018, and this happened today at Mukroh.
In Samaria it was recognized and accepted that Jesus was the Christ, the Messiah, the Savior of the world.
Regarding the doctoral students, it was reported that the Director, through those people close to him, used to harass them in challenging their examinations, their theses and even the payment of fees. too.
The KSU chief said that the KSU will not sit idly by and will not eat alcohol and the KSU has worked with the government and has allowed it. democracy, will continue.
Mizoram beat Manipur 1-0 at the MFA Turf at the Polo Ground on Thursday evening to finish top of Group
The Meghalaya Chess Association (MCA) in collaboration with the Aurobindo Institute of Indian Culture, Shillong has celebrated the International Women's Day. Women's Day will be held on Tuesday in the city.
These check posts have been set up at Umling Entry Point, Jirang, Umkiang, Bajengdoba, Trikikilla and Aradonga.
The Cabinet Secretary said that the prices bid by the companies (TKCs) are higher than the price allocated and if a new tender is called, it will delay the completion of the project.
“Special congratulations to all those who have received the approval and now it has become law, but whether the MGNREGA will be implemented or not,” said Bah Syiem.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, who expressed his satisfaction to see the unity of the Karbi people and especially the leaders who have taken responsibility for the preserve the traditions and customs of the Karbi people.
Humans United for Animals and Nature (HUFAN) in collaboration with the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has been working for the welfare and protection of animals. Veterinary has conducted a vaccination camp on 12th July
At the time of the incident, the four persons were sitting on the roadside after lunch, when the tree suddenly fell on them. These four people were killed in the attack.
In other words, our State is the state with the largest number of Christians and we don't talk about that, because whether it is Christianity or any other religion including Hindu, Muslim, Sikh and The essence of religious belief and teaching is part of living righteously and being creatures who have the power to bring peace in their homes. I don't know what to do, Phewse!!!! In these days, evil has ridden on every human being who has forgotten his own identity and has tried to drive away the Rongphong and the desires which have violated the rights of Longbriew. Man.
Shillong, Lber 10 : The Department of Sports & Youth Affairs of the State Government on Thursday honored the silver medal winners and finalists of the 76th Football Tournament. However, they lost to Karnataka at the King Fahd International Stadium in Saudi Arabia.
However, as the central government has not implemented it yet, the civil society has decided to resume protests across the North East.
The first Legislative Assembly of the State was composed of knowledgeable, intelligent, intelligent and intelligent leaders.
Grace Mary Kharpuri from the Congress Party;
In a meeting with SP City, Vivek Syiem, he said that the incident has been confirmed as a murder and police are investigating to arrest those involved.
In a statement, the Deputy Commissioner of Excise said that they were arrested under the provisions of the Excise Act.
Speaking to Rupang, Warbah said, “From the beginning I didn't trust Bah Shylla, so I went ahead, a year ago I prepared for the MDC election and now I will contest. you are the HSPDP”.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Federation of Khasi States (FKS) John F Kharshiing has written a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma regarding the curfew imposed in Shillong and other issues.
Sohkhia : Sohkhia is a delicious food that you can eat during the rainy season and contains a lot of water, along with many nutrients such as Vitamins A, B, and K, folate, which It is obvious that they are the reasons why they do not provide much benefit in terms of health.
Firefighters managed to douse the fire by morning.
The Pope arrived at the Golflinks Stadium in the afternoon and celebrated the Holy Mass in the presence of thousands of faithful.
In this regard, the HYC said that the HYC cannot accept because Ichamati CHC is the First Referral Unit (FRU) from other neighboring PHCs. However, it was found that this hospital does not have a cure for the disease.
Assam claims that the two areas fall under the Dessoi Valley Reserve Forest in Jorhat district, while Nagaland claims that the area falls under the Tsurangkong area in Mokokchung district.
The desire for city stay appeared when he started to provide and decorate his household by buying a television, a rice cooker, a wife, ring decorations.
Without His resurrection our faith would be in vain and all the miracles He performed while on earth would be in vain.
This is because the state government has not taken action, which has made them willful.
As we can see from the signs, there was a syieng tyrkhong between the KSU and the HYC until there were accusations and even a handshake.
At the meeting, when the Dorbar is held, they appear in the names of Bihari, Nepali, Punjabi, wild cow, wild cow, sheep's skin, while the surnames are Nongrum, Syiemlieh, Kurbah, Warjri, and so on. ter.
"MePDCL has started load shedding since Tuesday night following a failure in a unit of the OTPC Power Station. in Tripura.
According to Nongpoh Police Station, the driver of the vehicle fell under the influence of alcohol and could not control the vehicle. The vehicle which caused him to collide with the vehicle on the side of the road and fell on top of the vehicle he was driving.
The 90 km road from Umsyrpi to Dawki has been divided into four parts and the government has had to call another tender due to the sudden departure of the companies awarded to do the work.
BSF troops stationed at Amlarem have seized three trucks loaded with 70 cows which were intended to be smuggled to the border areas.
“There is only one in Umling and that has now turned into a house and the other 17 in the Secretariat will be completed. We don't know when they will succeed. the payment of the land to the owners of the land.
He said that only education can overcome all the problems and backwardness whether it is poverty or any other problems. Only education can overcome them.
On the other hand, the CoMSO suspects that there is a secret arrangement between Mukul Sangma and the Congress MLA from Assam to oppose the ILP. “ILP and he will oppose the MRSS amendment bill so that the state will lose both the laws and the foreigners will stay in Meghalaya and the Congress will have more vote bank,” said Robertjune Kharjahrin, Chairman. CoMSO.Shillong: MeECL employees on Tuesday held another meeting outside the office at Lumjingshai to decide to launch a strong protest against the silence of the state government regarding the The employees of MeECL under the umbrella of the All MeECL Union Association, have decided to go to work from the 15th of this month but will not work. , on the 16th of this month they will start a strike and on the 21st of this month they will strike from 10 am to 4 pm.
Nongpoh, Nailur 17: The final match of the Inter District Cricket Association (SCA) against the Shillong Girls Under-19 Cricket Tournament (RBDCA) was held on Saturday. RBDCA lost to SCA by 2 runs in the final match which upset the cricketers of Ri-Bhoi.
The floods in Assam in 2022 have affected thousands of residents of Assam.
There were only 120 households in the village but 157 job cards were issued, against the orders of the village. NREGS. Therefore, the RTI applicants have lodged a complaint with the BDO but the BDO has acted slowly, delayed and opposed the VEC. Therefore, they have lodged a complaint with the DRDA and the DRDA has ordered the BDO to suspend the works and to rebuild them.
Bhutan beat Meghalaya 4-2
Cabinet Ministers: Rajnath Singh: Home affairs Sushma Swaraj: External affairs, overseas Indian affairs Arun Jaitley: Finance, corporate affairs, defense M Venkaiah Naidu: Urban development, housing and urban poverty alleviation, parliamentary affairs high Nitin Gadkari and Road transport shipping D V Sadananda Gowda: Railways Uma Bharati: Water resources, river development and Ganga rejuvenation Najma A Heptulla: Minority affairs Gopina thrao Munde: Rural development, panchayati raj, drinking water and sanitation Ram Vilas Paswan: Consumer affairs Milraj distribution, Ka food and public : Micro, small and medium enterprises Maneka Gandhi: Women and child development Ananth Kumar: Chemicals and fertilizers Ravi Shankar Prasad: Communications and information technology, law and justice Ashok Gajapathi Raju Pusapati: Civil aviation Anant Geete: Heavy industries and public enterprises Harsimrat Kaur Bad : Food processing industries Narendra Singh Tomar: Mines, steel, labor and employment Sell Oram: Tribal affairs Radha Mohan Singh: Agriculture Thaawar Chand Gehlot: Social justice and empowerment Smriti Irani: Human resource development Harsh Vardhan: Health and family welfareKi ministerial children – V K Singh: Development of northeastern region (independent charge), external affairs, overseas Indian affairs Inderjit Singh Rao: Planning (independent charge), statistics and program implementation (independent charge), defense Santosh Kumar Gangwar: Textiles (independent charge), parliamentary affairs, water resources, river development and Ganga rejuvenation Shripad Yesso Naik: Culture (independent charge), tourism (independent charge) Dharmendra Pradhan: Petroleum and natural gas (independent charge) Sarbananda Sonowal: Skill development, entrepreneurship, youth affairs and sports (independent charge) Prakash Javadekar: Information and broadcasting (independent charge), environment, forest and climate change (independent charge), parliamentary affairs Piyush Goyal: Power (independent charge), coal (independent charge), new and renewable energy (independent charge) Jitendra Singh: Science and technology (independent charge), earth sciences (independent charge), Prime Minister's office, personnel, publicgrievances and pensions, department of atomic energy, department of space Nirmala Sitharaman: Commerce and industry (independent charge), finance, corporate affairs G M Siddeshwara : Civil aviation Manoj Sinha: Railways Nihalchand: Chemicals and fertilizers Upendra Kushwaha: Rural development, panchayati raj, drinking water and sanitation P Radhakrishnan: Heavy industries and public enterprises Kiren Rijiju: Home affairs Krishan Pal: Kumar shipping Balyan highways, : Agriculture, food processing industries Mansukhbhai Dhanjibhai Vasava: Tribal affairs Raosaheb Dadarao Danve: Consumer affairs, food and public distribution Vishnu Deo Sai: Mines, steel, labor and employment Sudarshan Bhagat: Social justice and empowerment.
I feel that we should not play politics when there are any problems affecting the farmers.
In addition, Israel has fired rockets into Gaza to thwart Hamas attacks.
The protesters, who are from Mahaw and other neighboring villages, threw stones at the police and burnt down vehicles and houses as well as the police station of Chingarwathi. .
According to her, this is for the High Court to decide and it is the responsibility of the private sector and the government to establish confidence.
I asked him carefully to be sure, "Did you say he came on the 22nd?" He said, "Yes.
The union demands that the council should publicly announce the punishment for such people so that others can understand that they cannot just take the Khasi race just for the benefit of the trade.
In 2009, Vincent received 232,270 votes, while UDP candidate John Kharshiing received 124,402 votes and Vincent defeated John by more than 1 lakh votes.
New Delhi, July 07: Prime Minister Narendra Modi attended the 58th All India Conference of Directors General/Inspector Generals of Police on July 6 and 7, 2024 at Rajasthan International. Centre, Jaipur.
Another bronze medal was won in skating.
The bodies of both of them were laid to rest on Sunday at Jarain.
Liana, you have a bus from Aizawl to Guwahati.
The award includes a cash prize of 20,000/- per person.
“Dr. Sangma, Bah Pyngrope and all the MLAs have decided to overthrow the NPP Government and we don't have the right to do so. All MLAs are children of the country and will work for you," he added.
Nongpoh, June 13: Leaders of the RBYF Sengkmie and the RBYF Raid Nongtung Circle on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the issue of education among the children in the border village of Meghalaya. The Church of the month visited Ummat-2 Village to donate benches and desks to a school in Ummat-2 Village, a border village in Ri Bhoi District. Meghalaya and Assam.
The NPP is well prepared to work with the Congress in Manipur, but due to the lack of MLAs, the NPP has not received anything from the BJP government in Manipur.
However, when we look at what appears in the media from time to time, it is contrary to what the government is doing,” said the VPP. , that the state has never had a border since the separation from Assam, and the current social border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam has been achieved only due to the hard work and initiative of the NDA government in Delhi.
When you look at the preparation, you can see that it has been a good preparation, and you can see that in the place where the festival was held, there are many shops, which sell various food items. There are also many kinds of artifacts, which have been exhibited by people from all over Meghalaya and Assam as well.
At this point, it is difficult to say whether this soskular is a memorable soskular or whether it will be a threat to the state.
Pynshai Lathong (18) and Namphang Sumer (90+5) scored for Wasa Utd.
They said that the most worrying thing for them to clean up is the spread of huggies or blankets outside the children along with the garbage.
At the same time, he said that the term of office of Bah Ernest has ended but he cannot hold the elections because the party is still busy in the elections.
Lajong had many chances to score in the first half.
The family members tried to call him, but he did not answer and it was not until this morning on the 21st that they received the news that their bodies were found in the house. .
Although this is the first time but the organization wishes to continue to work for the good in the community, it also invites the villagers from near and far to come to this market. buy and sell.
Rising Star scored 9 runs from 5 balls and this was enough for Rising Star to win the title.
They are in power in Delhi and they are also in power in Meghalaya but these are the obstacles to the implementation of that promise of a double engine government,” he said. .
Nongpoh, Nailar 23: The management of Saiden Secondary School today congratulated the football team of the school before they leave for Shillong for training to represent the state at the National Level. Subroto Cup 2023 will be held in Delhi.
From the Presbyterian Pastors, Pastor C Khongwir, Pastor SC Lymba, Pastor JC Diengngan and Pastor PG Khongsdir who said that they came as individuals and not as a church, said that the meeting was clear and sufficient.
In Shillong, there are Government land, such as the European Ward and others, where other ethnic groups can occupy land, while hundreds of acres of land in the New Shillong (NST) has been converted into Government land. According to the census, in 1971 the population of other ethnic groups in Shillong was 57.04% and in 2011 it was 38.75%.
He said that at present there are about 15 lakh villagers in the state under the age of 15 years.
This ICSI treatment was launched in 1992 to help couples who lack sperm.
“With one voice we have decided to close down these factories and we will give them time to implement what has been arranged by 20th March,” said Nidamon and demanded that all factories should immediately stop buying trucks so that I don't want to be a state truck.
"This is the governor's statement on Twitter.
We will invite them to talk and we will start from the city and the outskirts.
However, when asked whether his remarks could lead to conflict and civil war in Pakistan, Sanaullah said the war has already happened and there is no peace. in Pakistan because of the presence of such leaders who do politics only for personal gain.
Following the complaints of the passengers who are suffering from the condition of the road from Wah Umpamtiah to Weiloi in East Khasi Hills, three MLAs on Tuesday visited the road. of this road.
Speaking to reporters, CEM HS Shylla said that the Chairperson of the Women Commission has acted like a leader of the party and does not understand that the seat she is sitting on is also a court to judge who is right and who is right. the wisdom of the men.
Purno A Sangma passed away suddenly in Delhi today from a heart attack.
Regarding the scheme, he said that we will do the same as we did before by handing over to the villages to see if we can do this. english and business will go well.
The Committee also demanded that the Government of India should appoint a team of inquiry from the Central Government to punish severely those policemen involved in these crimes.
If we don't allow those weeds to produce seeds, then we can destroy them.
North Garo Hills and South West Khasi Hills have no new cases of COVID-1
He said that the DC East Jaintia Hills has promised to demolish 34 coal mining factories.
Aishah Bareh scored the goals in the 5th & 71st minutes, Franki Dkhar in the 42nd minute, Emon Nongtdu in the 43rd minute and Ferdinand Nongtdu in the 43rd minute. Shanki Dkhar scored 90+1 minutes.
Truck drivers across the country have been demanding that the rule be repealed and safety be given to truck drivers.
As mentioned earlier, the coach of the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Bobby.
Ardent said there is a violation of the Act but the Government does not want to accept that people who have not been covered by the Land Transfer Act have bought land in Ri-Bhoi District.
“In the past, to entertain the children of the riot of Raliang district, they held this festival as part of the festival at this place.
The man was taken to his home near Stephen Hall, Bomfyle Road, Lachumiere.
He commended the village leaders who have joined hands with the district authorities to fight against COVID-1
Therefore, this CAB will be a blessing to us if at this time, the Government itself, like the Government of Manipur, drafts a Bill on the ILP and seeks the approval of Delhi as mentioned above. still waiting to give us what we deserve.
“On behalf of the MFA, we express our deep sorrow over the incident yesterday in which Nantu Das tried to interfere with the referee of the SSA. “We strongly condemn the actions of the Assistant Sports Director of NEHU,” said the President of the MFA, Bah Hamletson Dohling who is also the Chief Adviser to the Chief Minister.
On the relationship between man and forests, forests have benefited each other since the beginning of mankind's existence. he took the cultivation as the most important occupation for the food to feed himself.
In Sohra and Mairang constituencies, there will be a public meeting on the 29th of this month.
As you know, the situation in Shillong, even 2 or 3 feet of land is valuable to the land owners,” he said.
Sankardev College Shillong on Tuesday held a special National Workshop on the preparations for the full implementation of the National Education Policy 2020 of the Government of India in the state.
On this occasion, the EM of Trade, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the license issuance system has not been renewed since 2005 and this has led to a shortage of work. The traders have been using the same license for four years.
They also shouted slogans against the MDA government and also against the Assam police.
Joshua did not want the Israelites to be in the middle but he wanted them to choose only one God neither are they the Gods of this world.
We're going to have to have that give-and-take reciprocally," he said.
These Kuki tribes include Biate, Changsan, Chongloi, Darlong, Doungel, Gamalhou, Gangte, Guite, Hanneng, Haokip, Haolai, Hengna, Hongsung, Rangkhawl, Rangkhol, Jongbe, Khawchung, Khawthalang, Khelma, Khogen, Kuki. , Lengthang, Lhangum, Lhoujen, Lhouvun, Lupheng, Mangjel, Misao, Riang, Sairhem, Selnam, Singson, Sithou, Sukte, Thado, Thangngeu, Uibuh, Vaiphei
Sanjeev Kumar Balyanji, Minister in charge of Fisheries, Government of India and Sunil Deodhar, National Secretary of BJP, were also present at the election. Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) will hold a meeting of its Central Executive Committee (CEC) on 23rd July 2020 to discuss issues affecting the BJP. and also on the MDC by-election of Langrin Constituency.
When we turned back to the single shot, Aibor was the winner.
This too has a purpose to enrich the nation.
The State Government has set up a Special Committee to oversee and streamline the working of the three District Councils in the State.
The cut-off of this road has made it difficult for the people especially the farmers to transport their produce to the villages and markets.
Leaders of the CCIB, Bah Kmen Myrchiang, Bah Joe Marwein, Bah Rapbor Nongrum, Leader of the KSU, Bah KS Rani, Leader of the HNYF. Heavy traffic jam in Upper Shillong.
On the same day, the union decided to meet with the Range Forest Officer, Umkiang Range, because the challan they received was from this office, but he was not in the office, but they were only the employees of this department and the graves where there are trucks carrying excessive loads in front of the leaders of the union.
The Khliehriat West Youth Welfare Sports Club (KWYWSC) has postponed the fete and lucky draw scheduled to be held on 8th and 9th February 2024 to 21st and 22nd February for unavoidable reasons.
The victory of Vincent from this constituency shows that the people of this constituency have turned to their former Congress leader Lambor Malngiang.
How do Christians feel about Good Governance Day on Christmas Day? There may be three groups: (1) Those who strongly oppose such a practice.
On this occasion, the Minister of Food and Civil Supplies, Clement Marak, said that the government will look into this especially the petrol station at Umiam.
During the meeting, the JAC leaders and members also discussed other issues including the smuggling of Bangladeshis into the Indian border and urged the BSF to take action. to curb the smuggling of Bangladeshis in order to bring peace to the residents on the border.
Others who attended the ceremony were the BDO, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Bah I. Lawrynniang, the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District and others who were invited. Please that from the students, the students as well as the teachers.
The case was heard on 19th June 2021 by the Division Bench of the High Court, where Mr. N.Syngkon Advocate, on behalf of Mr. MN Syiem and Mr. Bah VGK Kynta, Sr Advocate, Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Also present on the occasion were teachers including N Das, Assistant Director (PE & Sports) cum Organizing Secretary, Non Teaching Staff of the school and others.
Therefore, it is up to the people to decide in the upcoming elections,” he added.
“We have taken the paro along with the equipment to the investigation teams to find out the truth,” said Paradip ASP Nimai Charan Sethi. talking to the press.
Two minutes later, Sein Pynbhalang scored the second goal through Sambiang Wara Wet (28') with the assistance of Leiborki Ymbon.
In fact, the NH-40 Shillong-Pynursla-Dawki road has been severely damaged and the construction work has stopped after the construction companies have left half of the road. that the parts which were dug were left as it was, and there came forth holes.
Many of the speeches of Bah Shylla as an advocate for the nation have stirred up the wind and even the people of the Khasi Hills but all these have ended because as human beings we know that we don't can hold death in his hand.
Venus SS Pamthied Secretary Dorbar Shnong welcomed the guests.
Shillong: “Many people ask me why I am applying for BJP ticket when many don't like it, but I say that if I choose someone from one party in the end they have to go to the BJP for help and they have to go through peons. “But if you vote for the BJP, it's like going to the kitchen and you don't need a peon,” said Bah L Michael Kharsyntiew.
Over the years, Kareena has started to avoid love films and wants to act in other roles and says that the time is not right for her to act in such films.
However, in the middle of the match, the weather did not allow and the match had to end in the middle of the match and the two teams had to share six points.
On the issue of food items, the Governor said that the state has 20,64,073 Priority Household (PHH) beneficiaries who benefit from the government's foodgrains and 85,022 who receive AAY foodgrains. The Governor said that the government will receive 104 more buses from the central government and these will be on the roads soon to carry passengers.
He also urged various government offices and SHGs to cooperate with the organization to bring about economic development and not to have competition with each other.
The KSU congratulated the VDP Amlarem for their cooperation in this campaign against foreigners who do not have permits to work in Amlarem.
The incense was used in worship and sacrifices at the temple by the priest.
Shillong: The Garo Indigenous Development Federation (GIDF) today vowed that if the state government does not take action against the illegal mining of coal, it will lodge a complaint in the High Court.
Last year, after the parliamentary session, Sinha directed the central government to include the village in UNESCO's list of Intangible Cultural Heritage.
It is worth mentioning that this place is used by Hindus to pray, at this place where there is a maw jymbuin every year.
“Speaking on the Prime Minister's goal of making the country a developed country and how such steps have brought about equality among the citizens, Sangma said, “ A truly developed country, which our Prime Minister has spoken about and set a target that before 2047 India should be a developed country. This can only happen if every nation and every the citizen and every part and person of our great country are making progress.
The government in a report and also as it appeared in the media that the government will install CCTV cameras and also launched a mobile app so that parents and caregivers can monitor what is happening. happened inside the bus, or the bus has reached where and the safety concern may have been removed by this step," the order said.
Among the villagers who donated rice for the poor in the village were Bah Shemming Marngar who also donated in other areas and Bah GJL Sangriang who donated a lot of foodgrains for the poor in the village. to promote sports and other areas in the village.
The voice of the rally in Umdang was that the NPP will win in
He said that MBoSE does not conduct the examination but helps schools by preparing questions for Class IX and Class XI. IX and Class XI. The reason why we have taken this path is that many schools have been stingy and don't complete the course and if they are allowed to prepare their own questions, they will do whatever they want,” he said. u Bah Kharbhih and added that this is an effort of the Board to improve and develop education in the state.
:The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has decided to hold a protest on the 25th of November. On the National Highway 6 at Khliehriat, the district headquarters of East Jaintia Hills, from 10 am to 4 pm.
Riki MukhimIn the coming year 2020, we as the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum are looking forward to achieving what we have longed for since the past many years until today, but now this time in This new year will give us the full answer whether it is the year that will bring victory to our nation.
Moodymmai scored 189 runs in 20 overs for the loss of nine wickets.
The e-courses will also be available in five regional languages ​​and will no longer be limited to Hindi and English.
Speaking to reporters, Nongshlong said that he has tried to get the opinion of the residents of all these villages and they have said that they do not want to stay in Meghalaya, because the government offices are too far away. The Meghalaya government has not turned to these villages to provide assistance, whether it is schools, roads, electricity and others.
This is a misuse of public funds which should have improved the health sector in the state.
We must remember that at present we cannot expect to get jobs only in this state.
L.Nongbri Asst Secretary SSA and Senior Advisor of the Referees Association.
She tried to comply with that.
Speaking on the theme of the programme, Bah Ivan R.Marbaniang, DPM, DPMU, BDU, EKH explained the activities of the project along with the training, information and challenges faced by the project. brainstorm together to find solutions to those problems collaboratively.
On the other hand, the Minister requested the Archbishop to cooperate with the Central Government to bring about development, peace and order for the people.
Syiem said the NTC will provide vehicles for those people who intend to participate in the procession and rally on 30th March in Shillong.
"In fact, if they don't understand the Khasi language, they shouldn't do that, but first let's speak in our own language.
The protesters burnt flags and other signs and pictures of trees in the office.
There is support for farmers in the midst of interest-free loans amounting to T.12.4 crore from 2021-2
Many singers including Bah Maxter Warjri, his children including Mana Corianda Kharhunai, Badaplin Kharhunai, Labiang Lyngdoh, Ripa Lyngdoh and his children. ksiew of this old man.
Little Flower Ummulong HSS beat Jowai Press HSS 4-1 to qualify for the quarter final.
The HYC leader also expressed his gratitude to the MHRC for taking the initiative to convict the case against the Ganesh Das Hospital and to order to pay compensation to the woman.
V.Satya Venkata Rao, DMD, SIDBI and Maharaj of RKMA together announced the implementation of the SALUTE project. in relation to various training programs in the state and the North East as a whole.
Jowai, Naiwieng 09: The one-day session of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has come to an end on Friday, with the approval of the report submitted by the CEM on the Bill. The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District (VDC) Bill 2023 has been passed by the Government through the District Council Affairs Department.
Rimiki Phawa (26), Arwanki Rymbai (46, 72), Ribha Phawa (76) and Ram Biam (79) scored the five goals.
“She is still alive, she lives in a church, she doesn't eat or drink, she doesn't do anything wrong,” said the Pastor.
However, if Mongolia beat Vanuatu in the next match and if Lebanon lose, they will qualify, but it will depend on the goal difference. ).
Shangpung Khliehmuchut will be the fourth team to qualify for the semifinals of the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy.
When she reached her friend's house, she sat down there and invited Linda to go to the market with her.
But who else shall we seek? Therefore, we went back and forth, and sat down together, long and long.
Speaking to media, the Minister said, “In 2018, during the election campaigns, there was a promise on this C&RD block and this issue was made an election issue”.
There are also people who don't like to drink juice.
“The TMC leader also explained how the Prime Minister has failed to develop the people in various sectors of society.
“It is special in this household, because a hardworking father who always tries to provide and doesn't want to hurt his wife and children.
Special time was also spent to distribute medicines to Shella PHC and Sohlap Sub-Centre which are the health centers for the people of the area especially at this time.
There are also MLAs who are happy to allocate ministerial posts and give them to their colleagues.
Shillong: Two persons from UP to South Garo Hills have tested positive for coronavirus, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today said.
The petition said that Meghalaya is currently in a state of economic decline and that all the coal deposits remaining in the mines should be destroyed. accepted, by the State government.
The foreign manager who attempted to commit the crime was identified as Raj Kumar from Rajasthan.
Therefore, it should probably be selected by retired judges, university/college teachers, retired Census of India officers, and so on so that the recommendations are grounded and not impact on the movies-movies that law.
““Through your hard work, the state has gained fame and glory for the state, and it is not easy to reach the glory in which many states participate in this tournament.
New Delhi, Naitung 27: The Union Home Ministry has decided to hand over to the CBI the case of rape of two women in Manipur.
The UDP leader urged the KHADC to stand firm on its foundation and not allow the government to interfere in its work and said he supported the CEM's views. The KHADC has appealed to the Supreme Court.
The Babylonians believed that if they kept their promises, they would receive blessings and if they could not, they would suffer.
He said that as an MLA, he first wanted to build the road for the benefit of the people for the safety of traffic and directed the BDO to start slowly but in the middle of the work, don’t be distracted.
Last year, OM Roy Memorial Secondary School won the title in the women's category and St Anthony's LP School won the title in the men's category. Shillong College won the first prize.
He said the UDP will meet with him soon to discuss the issue as the door is open if he is willing to join the party.
He said the party will seek a report from the District Officers and after that it will take action against those involved in such crimes.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pynïaid said that the purpose of the inspection is to improve the safety and security of the visitors and shopkeepers in Ïewduh and the second purpose is to improve the cleanliness of the market. suspicious.
Cricket Lovers failed to reach the target by scoring 131 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 19.5 overs. Only Rohan Rai scored 31 runs from 25 balls. Ricky Stone Nongbet and Dapmain Rani took two wickets each.
Also present on the occasion were the Principal Dr D Wanswett, the Coordinator of IQAC Dr M Rani and students of the college from others.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The State Government through the Chief Minister of Meghalaya today said that the Government has decided to suspend the opening of casinos in the State following the protests. Religious leaders, civil society groups, chiefs, KHADC and the people have welcomed this decision.
If you look at the voters in every polling station, their attitude is the same.
But let us rejoice with the determination to stand and fight against the forces of darkness and violence.
“He added that the KSU cannot just watch and if these same people continue to do this, the KSU will investigate to find out who is involved in the implementation of the LRO page in the media. .
Now we do not know how the ancients counted years and how they counted time.
Police also recovered a 110 AK 47, M16 20 feet, T.50,000, unused AK-47 bullets and a Pulsar Bike with registration number ML 06-3 .
In East Khasi Hills, 71 cases including 13 Armed Forces and 58 civilians, West Khasi Hills 23 cases, South West Garo Hills 14 cases including 1 Armed Forces and 13 civilians. There are 7 cases in East Garo Hills, 6 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in North Garo Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 6 cases in East Garo Hills. Jaintia Hills I don't know.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titos W Chyne, on Tuesday expressed his anger against the members of the JAC Khun Hajar of Sohiong Hima. You must not come to the office of the Council in the right way.
Dimapur: The NSCN-IM's demand for a bigger Nagaland with its own flag and constitution, said Thuingaleng Muivah, General Secretary of the NSCN-IM, today. it is the other neighboring areas, which are inhabited by Nagas in other States.
Others in the jeep were Bolning Hynniewta (28), Jelly Hynniewta (7), Regional Nonglait (38), their employee and Petil Drop Hynniewta, wife of Bah Hunlang. Cockroach.
“Let's run together now if we have the same goal let's sit down and discuss one idea to bring ILP in the state we need cooperation not fear to protect the people. “It is not necessary to work together to implement the ILP to protect the paradoh parasnam of the state,” he said.
This age is in a great crisis where everyone wants to have what others have and to have more than others.
Wanki Pohthmi scored the second goal for Jarain in the 21st and 80th minutes.
The arrested persons have been handed over to the relevant department as well as the seized property for further action.
It is learned that the reason why these UDP leaders from the area held this meeting was because they arrived too early at the venue and they had the thought that until It was not the time of the school opening meeting and by the time the chief guests arrived, they had been able to complete the party meeting.
Nongstoin, March 30 : The contractors of West Khasi Hills, who used to carry out works in various departments like PWD, PHE, Water Resources and others, have urged the government to release the all the money for all the work they have done since the past years which he has not paid until now.
She said that the State Government has taken a firm stand that it will not tolerate zero tolerance for the opening of illegal gates or illegal collection of money from vehicles passing on the roads in the East. Khasi Hills.
The Department of Horticulture and Agriculture should take part in this process so that these incidents do not happen again.
A total of 3,606 people have been discharged from hospitals today and the total number of recoveries has risen to 1,52,613 or 55.37%.
The KSU CEC under the leadership of Assistant Education Secretary Shelkitbok Kharbani has submitted a petition to the Minister.
The 4th is the day of the National Awakening Day, and on this day the KSU has also raised banners to demand the release of the KSU. Two members of the party have been arrested by the police on suspicion of involvement in the murder of two foreigners in Ichamati.
Shillong, Nailur, 01: The National People's Party (NPP) has commemorated the 75th birth anniversary of (L) Purno A. Sangma. it was given to the poor of the country.
Ri Bhoi District is the poorest district in the state but rich people from other districts flock to this district to contest elections.
From Meghalaya, the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) has also joined hands with NEFIP.
Furthermore, the SABDC leaders said that they will inform the Waheh Shnongs and residents of the 32 Karbi villages where the Pnars own land.
The meeting on April 21 was called urgently only among a few supporters of the CEC decision on April 17, which had no intention of inviting the opposition.
Why doesn't the Prime Minister apologize?
There are many examples that can be given, but it is suggested that the readers should accept or reject with the consent of the authorities of the government or of the Khasi literature.
The King of Sohra, Freeman Singh Singh, did not raid Mawspong.
Matey was an MLA from Khonsa (West) from 2009-2014 on the Congress ticket and in 2015 he joined the BJP. and Khonsa (West).
In East Khasi Hills, especially in Shillong, the village officials are skilled and there is no commission for the sale and purchase of land.
Shillong, July 1 : The Special Investigation Team (SIT) on Tuesday recovered a knife suspected to have been used by a father to cut off his two sons at Wahktieh, Nongrah.
Senior Advocate Salman Khurshid and Advocate TK Nayak, who represented the woman, told the court that the woman herself had come to Delhi on the grounds of employment and since then she has been forced to trade. thus she became a victim of prostitution by being forced.
Who sent, how did they come ? These duties are the responsibility of the DCs and SPs who are responsible for monitoring and punishing those who send and those who bring in these people.
After that, the four buses came and they destroyed the income of the market buses and they reached the villages and townships, running like skei, when they were just coming out. in 2011, but now, these too have disappeared and there has been a stir and the exploitation of commercial taxis.
Novak Djokovic (SRB) 7070 pts2.
However, the facts show that Assam has been playing with the Khasi Jaintia Hills and this game has turned into a successful political campaign in these days, in which the people of , from the Nepalis, the police and other crowds, take advantage and harass the residents on the border and even the villages far from the border and this shows that we are a State, which just tolerates and listens.
Police also seized 3720 Nitrazepam Tablets and a mobile phone.
On the other hand, the department has also planned to provide training to the vendors on how to clean.
“If other officers have done wrong, they should be punished by suspension, but why another officer?
Shillong, July 26 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that he has directed the committees set up to consider the State Reservation Policy to consider the demands of others. The State's low paid employees shall not be subject to 15% of the Job Reservation Policy.
Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC from Sohryngkham, has been elected as the Deputy Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
He said that while Meghalaya has handed over the border areas, Assam has not handed over anything to Meghalaya.
“We got to train a few days after the end of our last game and we were ready for the two games in Germany,” said coach Bibiano Fernandes.
Minors in Chandigarh accounted for only 4.7% of the total number of arrests.
As a nation living in this age, we can say that we are very wicked.
Sport Secretary- Hubert Dkhar 14.
The incident happened at 1 pm today, and according to information received, the driver of the truck was driving too fast. He couldn't control the vehicle until he hit a Maruti car and overturned at the scene. After the overturn, the truck burst into flames and caught fire suddenly due to the presence of fuel. Five occupants of the Maruti car including four women and one driver were seriously injured. The driver and passenger of the truck fled the scene after the incident and both vehicles collapsed. affair.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the State Government is considering from all sides on the demand to make Khasi and Garo the Official Languages ​​of the State. state of Meghalaya.
The political system in these times has become a great blessing for some but it is also like a storm that hurts the soul and brings suffering to many especially to those who are poor. you rangli you juicy.
However, although the tournament will be held again by the NNSSCC, this time it will be even bigger and more exciting, as the winner will receive a cash prize of up to Rs 7 lakh along with the trophy.
This was followed by the Youth Service of the Presbyterian Church Moobakhon in the album entitled “D'wai ia ka Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia” and the last album before he passed away was produced by The Youth Service of the Lumshnong Presbyterian Church was entitled, “Israel is crying”.
The per capita debt of the AITC government in West Bengal has reached Rs 59,000 in 2022-23 and this increase is due to this scheme.
The CEM today also inaugurated the new Auditorium of the KHADC. In his speech, the CEM said that the ability to bring in new buildings will help to meet many of the needs of the KHADC. He also promised that the present EC of KHADC will do its utmost to provide all the necessities so that it will not cause any problems to the people who come to the District Council for their needs.
It was July and on Saturday evening at 7 pm a phone call came on Banisha's mobile.
Where did you get the resolution? We have the right to protest," she said.
A ! Bei-Rymew, many languages ​​and many religions, the faiths of God who live on you, like a cow gives milk to all, you give food to all.
From the beginning God chose Jerusalem and it became the capital of Israel.
Nongstoin, July 31: According to a tip received by the Shallang Police Station, Pangkam, Area Commander of the GNLA, along with several of his followers, was arrested at Nengju village in Shallang area. SWAT from Shallang in collaboration with Williamnagar Police conducted a search operation in the area.
The group said that the refusal to stand against the people by forcing them to take medicine or not to take TIKA Covid without respecting the rights and truth in each and every one of the people, has caused many and especially on the suffering of the people in many parts of the State due to the deaths of our fellow citizens in the middle of an unexpected time.
SHILLONG The Mawrusyiar Youth and Cultural Club (MYCC) has celebrated its 50th Anniversary.
Speaking on the preservation of the customs and traditions of Lung Rynshong, Kong Telis Rymbai said that as an elderly woman, she still wants to preserve this culture. The children of the Raid have forgotten about this which is one of the celebrations of the children of the Raid and on the day of the laying of the lung rynshong there was a feast from the children and the women. the elders of the village who used to celebrate together.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul said that there is a need for the cooperation of all to find ways and means how to restore peace in the state. the same ship and if the ship sinks all will sink together, all have the same responsibility for the restoration of peace.
Akbar said he was grateful to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Sushma Swaraj for giving him the opportunity to serve as a government minister.
When asked about his views on the election, Bah Sniawbha said, “Let us wait for the polling day,” and added, “The NPP will accept that the NPP will win and the UDP will also accept that it will win. ".
In Lapangap, the Karbi people came twice to cut down the trees planted by the people to revive the destroyed forests.
We also make a small request to MePDCL.
The shniuh was seized from the border of East Khasi Hills.
Siva said such a law would not be accepted at all.
At the same time, the Court also directed the State Government to ensure that the proposed 23 weighbridges should be in place and that more weighbridges should be installed in key places in collaboration with the State Government. and CISF security forces and under the direction of Justice Katakey.
However, here too, the BJP will be very careful and prefers to contest with its close political partner, and that is the NPP. pyllein, many voters from foreign religions (Muslims, Christians) are not interested and are not too eager to vote for it.
While Tangmar was hiding in a house, Jumreit came and left Tongsoh like a child.
Sociology : Saiñraij is called because it is a subject of social science in which the raijs of the various kurs in the kingdom or state are the lympung and kyntoit of a group of families.
The teachers sat in front of the Multi Purpose Convention Auditorium at NEHU Campus, to demand that the UGC should resolve the irregularities it has made for the teachers who have up to 13 demands.
He said that the government should not shift the burden to the people because of the situation in the electricity department in the state especially when buying electricity from other states.
Both the Prime Ministers will have to sign the decision taken at the meeting.
" Dohling said.
At 1:30 pm, the Duhalia started playing the Lumpaid Ksing and after that the Asst.General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie Rgh Païa B Synrem took the lead. General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie Rgh Hainess Marbaniang led the prayer and after that the march to Lympung Weiking started.
The CID arrested Matharoo, Vice Chancellor of Apex Professional University, Itanagar on 9th October.
BCCI to deputy – Performance analyst: The dates for the North East are as follows: North Zone, 24 November; vs. West Zone, Nov. 28; vs South Zone, November 30; vs Central Zone, Dec. 2.
Only 27 people have died of Khieshohrih in the State in the past three years since
UNICEF has expressed its full support to the government to implement measures to conduct research on the well-being and lifestyle and care of children so that to take measures to improve the health and well-being of children in the state.
Politics is like water.
However, after investigation, the police did not find anything on them and released them in the evening and now they have returned to Kolkata.
Although this change is temporary, the impact can be seen, Nature Communication said.
This has brought great benefits to all the farmers.
Shillong, July 7: The residents of Mawlyndun and Shilliangjashar, villages below Pynursla, have protested against the illegal work of tractors on the Pynursla-Nohwet road via Mawlyndun and Shilliangjashar. .
Five cases were reported from Barpeta, three from Dhemaji and two from Sonitpur and Bongaigaon districts.
The youth was shot dead while he was returning from the Mela venue at Urksew Stadium, but when he reached near the Custom office, the nine men who came in a Sumo were shot dead. They tied him up, but he died when he reached the hospital.
Also present on the occasion were the General Secretary of Sohkyllam Sport Club, the Village Elders, the Office Bearers of the Village Youth Association and the National Youth Volunteers of the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Nongstoin.
The Europa League Round-16 will start from 9 to 16 October.
The driver of the Alto, who was about 40 years old, died recently, but his name is still unknown at the time of writing, but he is of Khasi ethnicity.
On the introduction of the CISF into the State to check the illegal smuggling of coal, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that when it comes to the State Police, they are capable of fulfilling their duties.
The forged documents seized included ID Cards printed in the name of India Bulls, accepted letters of credit and confirmed letters of credit, the statement said, in which added that these borrowers have been deceived in the name of registrations, processing fees, GST and insurance against the loan among others.
On the other hand, Congress MLA, Bah HM Shangpliang raised a question regarding the intention of the Government of Meghalaya and Assam to allocate and take land between the two states. He also opposed the proposal of these two states and said that the land of Meghalaya is not suitable to go to Assam and all the land taken by Assam should be returned. to the state of Meghalaya.
“This act of disregard for the welfare of the State is not new.
JOWAI: MDCs from Nartiang Umladang, Lakhon Biam and Thombor Shiwat, MDCs from Umladang, have been elected. The candidates for the post of Chairman and CEM of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on Tuesday.
The Visit Bharat Sankalp Yatra is not only an information programme; it is a big step towards ensuring that the benefits of Government schemes reach all the people and thus achieving full delivery of these schemes and people’s participation in the country’s economic development.
Ms.Smriti Mandhana3
Shillong, Nailur 25 : The Taxation Department has found that there are 106 cases of tax evasion during the year 2020-2
And if you know how you can say that the trading license has been issued while the Dkhars are increasing.
The residents alleged that the election was not held in Nongbah Mawshuit as in the past but was held in Mawtjuh (the village at the end of the Khad-ar village road) and was not held publicly. In the past, the members of the Vigilance Committee should be elected by the people and before electing the ration dealer, the people who have ration cards should come and elect the person who that mind.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Mange Ram expressed his regret that the Prime Minister Employment Generation Program (PMEGP) has not been implemented properly in Meghalaya. compared to other states in the country.
Your job is a public service job, you have to be an understanding person in dealing with customers.
He said that the students have also informed the Principal of this decision so that he will not take any action to punish the students.
He said that although Taiwan on Monday urged China to stop its patrols around Taiwan, China has not ignored the request. On the following Tuesday morning, it sent more than 50 warplanes and seven warships to patrol and surround Taiwan that day.
India have scored 8 goals against Spain by 6 points.
When the KSU and RBYF members were arrested in Jatalong, there was a heated argument between the KSU and RBYF leaders, in which the Assam Police did not allow them to leave, even though the Assam Police said that they should not do any riot, but only hold a peaceable assembly.
On 20 June, Ronaldo led Juventus to a fifth Serie A title and became the first player to win the league in England, Spain and Italy.
Dr. Sylvanus Lamare in his concluding remarks said that the celebration of the 180th Anniversary of the Visit of Rev. Thomas Jones to Khasi-Jaintia Hills is a tribute to the past and the present. tree reason.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The 32nd Foundation Day of St. George's Secondary School, Nongmensong today was celebrated with the Children's Day.
Sohra MLA Gavin Miguel Mylliem will inaugurate the exhibition on Friday in the presence of Swami Anuragananda, Secretary, Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama, Sohra.
Regarding this demand, Bah PB Sylliang, General Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Umroi-Umïam Area, said that these four Dorbar Shnongs have strongly opposed that these villages fall under the list of Rangbah Shnongs. Census town and it is for this reason that the Synjik has sent a petition to the CEM of KHADC to demand that he should remove these villages from the Census. Town.
The competition will start at 10.00 pm on the 26th of this month at Jingkieng Myntdu to Caroline Colony which has more than 400 stones.
“I have decided to hand over my willingness to Bah Banteidor.
He called for the support of the residents of ma Nehimaya Tyngkan, one of the young men who are still strong in mind and also one of the villagers who knows well the plight of the residents especially those villages which in the border areas with Assam which have suffered many kinds of problems.
Zenithsky was punished after he accused the MLA of South Tura of harassing the land dealers in Tura yesterday when the Municipal raided the land dealers in the area.
Jowai, Naitung 17: The West Jaintia Hills Taxi Owners Association (WJHTODA) on Saturday 16th started distributing stickers to be affixed to commercial vehicles (Jowai Region). and this sticker giveaway will end on January 2, 2022.
Even if those suspects are not in their houses and hiding places, the police presence in the area will put pressure on them," he said.
TDCA-A scored 47/8 in the first innings while SCA-A managed to reach 187 runs for the loss of all wickets. -A.In the first half, SCA-A won the toss and elected to bat first, where four of the leading batsmen managed to score two numbers, namely Ibitlang Thabah scored 19 runs, followed by Aman Kumar (13) and Abhishek Gupta (37).
This is the year that the world will see India's G-20 presidency.
The KSU, AJYWO, FKJGP and HNYF, have expressed their gratitude to the district authorities of EJHD and the government for its promise to help the families of these 7 people who died. also to complete it by the 12th of this month.
On the other hand, the State Government has taken action to remind the Governor to get the approval of the MRSSA which has been pending for 7 or 8 months.
In fact, the DC of WJH, LNS Garod Dyke was the chief guest but for unforeseen reasons, D Syngai, EAC of WJH, along with Russel Nongrum, Journalist and General, had to replace him. Secretary of the Jaintia Journalists Association as the chief guest and Bah AS Wahlang who is the Asst Registrar of the WJH Co-operative Society.
The people and youth of today should understand clearly that the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maharam and Lyngam are all Khasi.
Moonlight Pariat asked why the 2nd installment has not been received from the Ministry even after the construction of the market has started.
FS Sangma has been transferred as Chief Judicial Magistrate of West Garo Hills District in place of B Joshi who is currently Chief Judicial Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District.
He urged the people to support the VPP in order to become free and unrestricted voters.
He said it is necessary for the Government of India to complete the negotiations on the agreements and commitments for the peace and stability of the North East as a whole.
The strike by the ASHA workers by staying at home and not going to work assigned by the State Health Department has turned into a verbal fight between the Meghalaya ASHA Workers' Union and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong: The incumbent CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that if the government extends the term of office of the MDC, he will hand over the post of CEM to Bah Teinwel Dkhar, the leader of the UDP. long chairman of the Council now.
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnongs of Pynursla area, have expressed their concern over the need to travel from shops to Shillong to buy food items. from the portion of their cities.
He said that they had only the phone number she had when she was in Dubai, but now that she has come to Delhi they don't have the phone number anymore and they are waiting for her to call herself.
India Water Week provides an opportunity for stakeholders, policy makers, water managers, thinkers and water users from all walks of life to discuss about water-related activities and solutions to water scarcity issues were identified.
However, according to a video circulated on social media, it was found that there was a torti in connection with the cleaning of the road in Mawlai Mawroh, which is the road near the Meghalaya Police School. Public School.
The tournament was concluded by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA JIrang Constituency, in the presence of Bah Victor Ranee, MDC Jirang Constituency, Rangbah Shnongs and residents of JIrang Constituency. region.
Therefore, the KHADC has the power to protect and maintain the boundaries of the Shnongs/Hima under its jurisdiction as empowered by the Constitution.
Those who deserve jobs will be put behind.
The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) today condemned the attack on KSU members in Ichamati. One member of the KSU has died.
Section 33 (in English): “(1) Nothing contained in sub-section (2) or sub-section (5) of section 28 or sub-section (2) of section 29 shall apply in respect of any disclosure of information, including identity information or authentication records, made pursuant to an order of a court not inferior to that of a District Judge:Provided that no order by the court under this sub-section shall be made without giving an opportunity of hearing to the Authority .
We would also like to thank the media for disseminating the work that the Revolution has accomplished and will continue to accomplish.
In an attempt to consult with many families and talk about the hopelessness that nothing can be done to eradicate kyiad, some thinkers said that it is time that the government should do something on this issue to improve the drinking habits of the people.
In the second match of the tournament, which was witnessed by thousands of spectators, the match was equally strong between the two teams.
“The Executive Committee of Jowai has decided that from the issuance of this announcement, Thadmynri Village will fall under the jurisdiction of the Dolloi of Nartiang Elaka,” the announcement said.
The KHNAM, which has requested time to meet with the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma but has not been able to meet him face to face, has now written a public letter requesting him to postpone the meeting. to discuss many issues that the party has not set.
The music video was composed by Section Syiemlieh and directed by Elvest Thabah.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chairman of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) demanding that the results of the post of Assistant Engineer should be announced in tnat Community and Rural Development.
They are Donkupar War, Political Adviser, Thomas Sangma, MLA, Alexander Hek, MLA, Lambor Malngiang, MLA, Gigur Myrthong MLA and Ernest Mawrie, BJP President. of the Prime Minister.
The KJCLF led by its Secretary Rev Edwin Kharkongor, met with the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma today to express its opposition to the Government's proposal.
In this election which has just been held on 27th June 2023, there has been a lot of discussion, internal discussion and it has appeared clearly in the Election campaign meetings that it is the turn of the leader ( MLA from East Meghalaya to sit in the post of Chief Minister and urged the UDP, HSPDP and other majority political parties from East Meghalaya to unite and work hard to elect this MLA. to sit on the post of Chief Minister of the State.
Hek said that due to the short period of time, he has not been able to raise the issue of the HNLC before the Minister of Home Affairs, but the Chief Minister has raised it all. matters relating to the state.
The new office bearers of the Jalaphet Circle, who were elected and confirmed on the occasion, include the President, Bah Andy Bareh.
Two issues faced by the farmers will be discussed on the occasion. The first is the illegal kilo cut by the traders across the state and the second is the decline in the price of farmers' products. all the products rep.
This includes Khasi women and on this 76th Independence Day celebration, it was felt necessary to quote some points from the memorandum written by Khasi women and submitted to the Governor of Assam. on June 24, 1947.
Some of them tried to plant, but gradually it disappeared without any results.
It is because of the wealth of us the people that we have suffered so much.
The Sieng Riti was led by Rgh.Komik Khongjirem and Rojet Buhphang who were the Gurus who received the award from the Sangeet Natak Academy, New Delhi.
“Three months to become a pig to eat meat is something we cannot imagine, in our view there will be a danger if it happens in this form to the consumers,” said Mukhim. Pig farmers and cattle farmers should refrain from these pesticides while the investigating agencies have not been able to confirm the harmful effects of these pesticides on health. their strength.
Many indigenous people who have fallen victim to drug addiction and their families face many challenges.
Margreth Nongrum won the 75 kg category.
It is said that Kitbok's mother died after a while due to illness and it was at this time that Father Sebastian who visited her during her illness and also on the day The priest promised that the job of the mother would be given to Kitbok.
Ohiyoo Lanong, resident of Chilliangraij, Jowai, passed away on 14/12/2
During the march, it was also witnessed that the shops of foreigners have been closed down and they have been looking only from inside, because they don't want to leave.
The owner of Kongthong Traveler Nest, Bah Rothell Khongsit, welcomed all the participants with food and drinks.
“Furthermore, Bah Wallam said that at present the conduct of such a program is only the beginning of the club, but it is expected that such programs will be conducted again so that the children They received training in Portugal.
In the 2023 elections, it has been seen that from the manner of holding public meetings to the techniques used to campaign, there is a process that shows which parties have money and which parties don't have money. candidate as well.
It was found that the cause of the death of the shrieh Huleng was due to being caught in electrical wires and this is the second death of these endangered animals in Tura in the last two years.
However, the government has not done anything, but the Forest Department has put up a signboard not to allow cultivation in this area.
The theme for this year's World Cancer Day is: 'CLOSE THE GAP'
It is necessary to set a term of two years for all the Ministers or Members-in-charge in charge of various departments within the Hima Mylliem.
The Division Bench said that the case has been postponed for some time after receiving requests from both sides to settle the case outside the court but due to the delay, the court has been postponed. The case has been heard again on 17th October
Even in the world, it is not appropriate to compare the military bases and infrastructure that should protect India as a whole while in the North East.
For the love of money is the root of all evil: which while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows. 6:9-10.
Other speakers included DC Swapnil Tembe, Director of Housing David D Sangma and officers.
Kerala opened the scoring through Vishak Mohanan in the 24th minute but 10 minutes later in the 34th minute, Punjab equalized through Rohit. Sheikh.
He said whether there is any conflict between the MDc, MLA, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima. , MLAs, MPs have schemes, Village Councils, Raid Councils and Hima Councils do not have schemes.
This is for the sake of administrative convenience.
“Ka seng has always found that the people who come to get medicine have to wait for hours even to see doctors and this happens even in the emergency room for the most serious patients. The KSU said in a statement issued by Pulljohn Wanniang, Assistant Education Secretary.
“The NDA was not formed to fight against any party, but to strengthen the rule of law in the country,” he said.
“Another explanation he mentioned in the letter is that as they say that the people are against the casino but in Raid Marwet they have not opposed the casino and on this we have to investigate thoroughly. ".
Akhil Gogoi, one of the leaders of the Sengbhalang in Assam, who is also an investigator under the Investigation Act, alleged that the woman was raped by the police of the police station and later arrested. this is the place to go outside.
Rilamki Dkhar was the chief guest and Kyrshan Blah President MPUF East Jaintia Hills was the chief guest.
It is to be recalled that Francis Pondit R Sangma has decided to contest the ticket of the All India Trinamool Congress led by Dr. Mukul Sangma.
In the NON-GEAR SCOOTY category, 1st Prize went to Deepak Sah (Rs 15,000), 2nd Prize to Bikash Boro (Rs 10,000), 3rd Prize to Batiplang Kharjana (Rs
That which she heard from her son made her listen.
He said that when the meat is still full, they don't move but after a while when the meat is gone, they start looking for each other.
The Dorbar Shnong Thangskai village, Dorbar Shnong Umstain, Hynniewtrep A'chik National Movement, Ri-Jaintia Youth Federation, United Jaintia Front, Jaintia United Youth Front, Jaintia Youth Movement (CB), Jaintia People Youth Federation, Social Jaintia Welfare Body, Hynnietrep National People Federation (HNPF), Jaintia Youth Welfare Organisation, Bataw Students Chellenger FC, Jaintia Peoples Development Organisation, Jaintia Labor and Unemployed Youth Organisation, Jaintia People Welfare Organisation, Hynniewtrep Youths Organization Pn (HNPF), Allar Student Council Jaintia Hills Social Welfare Organisation, Hynnietrep United Awakenin Movement Central Body,Hynniew Trep United Front (HUF), All Hynniewtrep People United Front (AHPUF), Jaintia Youth Development Society, Hynniew Trep Achik National Movement, Niaw Wasa Youth Federation, Jaintia Youth Council, Jaintia Youth Council East Jaintia National Council, Jaintia National Council, Farm Connect Development Society, Federation of Khasi and Garo People, Hynniewtrep People Defense Alliance, Fight Against Corruption Team, Society for Environment Protection and Sustainable Development and Hynniew Trep National Youth Front.
He added that there was no shortage of money as they had contributed to the treatment of a family member, “but we don't know what caused her to suffer so much that she took her life,” he said. The Son said.
Through this speech, I have changed everything,” said Banisha. “It's what you said, son.” The mother agreed. another," said Banisha.
Do you know why Abraham is called the Father of Faith? Abraham is called the Father of Faith because his faith was so great and that his worship of God was true unlike ours.
This is the government's intention since it was taken over in 2010,” he said.
What everyone needs to think about now is that the Khasi cannot blame those viruses if a disaster strikes the Jaitbynriew; for the patriotic song “Ri baieid i Pa i Mei” also acknowledges that: “Sharum shaneng We turn to blame others, when we seek the source of the cause is from Rympei”.
The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong on Thursday announced the names of two women candidates for the 2024 Lok Sabha MP elections, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong and Agatha Sangma from Tura. Constituency.
Jude Bellingham continued to show his skills and the best start to his Real Madrid career by scoring two goals to give Madrid a comfortable victory. Osasuna have won the La Liga title.
“We have experienced in the past years, there are many shortcomings and there is a saying that through shortcomings and mistakes, we can improve more and I hope that with the consensus , from now on this will be stable".
Damang Syngkon, District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, said that many of them have been involved in the Mawpoiñ Games but there has never been such a tournament for the Mawpoiñ Games. how to do it in the right way.
The Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah, Bah Andrew Jyrwa, said that the dorbar together with the Seng Longkmie and Samla Shnong will patrol to prevent illegal activities in the village.
She urged the authorities to take action against these people involved in mining coal in violation of the NGT order, as well as the deterioration of the road in the area.
It's a shame to think about it again.
, complained that on 17th June, NPCC officials together with BSF troops visited a site under construction at Mikirpara Border Outpost, East Jaintia Hills, and found that robbers had damaged the property. and looted property worth about T.2 lakh from this place.
Ampareen said that in the past few months they have seen the statements of the NPP MP that she will oppose the CAB, but she has supported the CAB in the Lok Sabha.
According to the RTI I filed, the Scheme Border Area Scholarship for the year 2018-19 was released on 17th November 2020, and the allocation The year 2019-20 will be released on 2nd December
The three organizations said that this law violates the freedom of expression of the people who have been living in these activities especially those who have not been able to work since the lynshop. this disease and this has already put pressure on them.
“How can this child not exist?” she said suddenly alone.
He said that the games also teach us how to recover from defeats and come back with stronger strength.
BUDAPEST, Hungary: Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice in Portugal's 3-0 victory over Hungary in the European Championship on Saturday. The game was very crowded at the Puskas Arena.
In the first three months of 2015, 457 weapons were seized by the police from various groups including 7 IED bombs, 65 grams of gelatin wax, 59 sticks and 1 gelatine stick.
Speaking at the meeting, Pangñiang reminded that the HSPDP is the one that the people will continue to vote for.
It also struck those who were stirring up the crowd but only a few were slammed like silver.
“Their allegation that it is because of me that many have left the Congress party is the only reason they have to reveal, but the truth is that they blindly followed him. Dr Mukul Sangma and because they don't have any reason to do so, they have accused me,” said MPCC President VH Pala.
The youth had returned with other youths by train but when they reached Guwahati Railway Station they boarded their own bus which put the family in trouble because they didn't know how to get there. iano to call all night.
If they cannot protect and pray for protection for the people from this evil world, how can they protect us from Satan who comes in different forms? i must serve, it is foolish for me to argue with this article.
Speaking in the Legislative Assembly, Bah HM Shangpliang said on the shortage of food in the state since the outbreak of Covid-19 in 2020 and especially the shortage of meat in the state.
We as the residents did not have the dorbar to discuss the issuance of the NOC and the issuance of the NOC was issued alone by the Waheh Shnong Sibren Sumer.
Mairang, Nailur, 18: The appointment of ration distributors in the district will end on 31st November
After the organization warned them, they were sent back to their place of origin.
In these times, it seems that this custom of longkur longjaid has become a burden for women, and for men it seems to have become a license to walk around without responsibility.
He has been charged by the CBI following a complaint that he and two officials of NEIGRIHMS have failed to pay the Employees Provident Fund (EPF) to his employees.
“They have forgotten that it was during their time that the NGT order banned the mining of coal was issued but it was this Government that This order (NGT) can be revoked through the order of the Supreme Court”.
Those trees were called “ki kher ki mer” and the farmers who lived near the border were called “ki para kher ki para mer”.
Regarding the inspection, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, expressed his deep sorrow to see the border crossings by Assam, which have dared to destroy the electricity posts, which Meghalaya has planned. to supply electricity to the village.
He said that the dorbar hall was built by the village authority, and although there were hundreds of students, there was not a single school except one built by the village authority. village.
Pastor Shanlang Warjri, who has contested the 2023 MLA election from Mairang, has been elected from the party.
Two minutes later, Lenny Kravity Lyngdoh (71') and Dadap Marwein (73') scored the second goal.
However, when all the players were struggling to score 10 points, Shaibor had another chance to score once again for Sawmer. that three points.
The quarter final match between the two teams was thrilling and fierce but through Danny Shylla's goal in the 29th minute, Tpepswer went to the other side of the tournament while Byndihati has ended its journey in this tournament.
There were many comments here and there, when these statements of Bhagat came out, which affected the feelings of many thinkers, which were written against by many writers.
West Tripura: Shri Sabda Kumar Jamatia
“We don't talk in words but we put the nation first in deeds, we don't promise heaven during the elections, we give hell,” said Sanbor. Shella constituency has suffered hell, plant the lotus of the BJP on 21st March to get light and blessings”.
On the other hand, he said that the coming days will be a great test for the government in order to achieve the aspirations of the people of the state.
Because if there are people who look carefully if they find those who buy or those who are drunk they can arrest and question them and after finding out where they bought they can punish them accordingly. The law does not only impose imprisonment for 7 years but also a fine of 1 lakh tyngka.
It is not enough for us to read only our history from this region, people from other parts of India should read the history of this region,” said Rijiju. day, at the opening of the 50th Anniversary of the Synod College.
During the investigation, the driver of the truck admitted that the truck was carrying diesel fuel and the documents of the vehicle were found in the cabin where the driver was sitting.
The Bangladeshi is involved in the smuggling of counterfeit currency and has been arrested by the police.
“I would also like to mention here that besides the increasing power outages, there has never been a shortage of electricity bills, but it has increased even in the BPL households of the poor households.
The deceased were identified as Binshai Syiemlieh, driver of the truck (ML-05). 3457 and another identified as Hamutdamehi Siangshai, who is not known whether he is the driver or follower of the truck number NL-01Q-7568 carrying Kalinker soil.
“If it is the DHS or any other party involved in this lyndet, as the leaders of the youth of the NPYF, there is no protection for such people because they do not follow the rules. , said Mr. Kitborlang.
All IEDs were defused in the area.
Where are the cleanliness of the environment by eating the dead bodies of wild animals such as goats and sheep? We all remember that if a ksew dies on the streets, it is the scavengers who come to eat the carcasses of these animals within a few hours.
However, it was said that in the middle of the mombati of these Congress members, the women police teams went to extinguish and stop.
Muslims will never suffer because of the CAA,” Bhagwat said.
The statement also said that the students who were stuck on the way to write the examination have received assistance from the police to reach the examination centres.
If the French had been in power, the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers would not have been as polluted and polluted as they are.
Speaking on Monday, the Chief Minister said that the state government is trying to get this stamp for all the indigenous products produced in the state whether it is soh ki pai, jhur ki jhep. and others.
Mawlieh said she started sending her daughter to class A at Fernando School in Barapani when she was 14 years old without a card and she studied at that school until matric.
The main objective of this scheme is to ensure that the youth do not rely only on government jobs but also seek other opportunities for employment and the development of self-employment will help in employment. in privately run businesses.
The NPP does not need to appoint them as Ministers as only 26 NPP MLAs and 11 UDP MLAs are enough to confirm the government.
“Seven o'clock when I came.
If this is the case, it shows that Himanta Biswa Sarma's statement is a lie, while Conrad Kongal Sangma thinks he is right.
Therefore, he added that the Kur Khymdeit will continue to take good care of this forest and as the Kur Khymdeit as a whole, they will have to work together for the preservation of this unique forest. kur, because if we can really protect or preserve this forest there is hope for the kur and especially in terms of the preservation of the forests which are an example for others. “It's a good idea to have a spirit of cooperation to protect the environment,” said Bah Donbok Khymdeit, son of the Khymdeit Kur from Nongthluh Mathan, Ri Bhoi District.
“The people of the State should not worry because the State has the Umphniang to meet the needs of the people,” said Kennedy.
Without mentioning those who are responsible for the development works in the state, we can judge only from the secretariat where the snap from the Khasi Jaintia areas has gradually increased and increased. Garo Hills in all departments of the State Government.
I will issue this order from 9th June
However, on the same night, he met another woman from Phulajhara in Tamka and thus, he did not return home and married the new husband.
After the service, it is forbidden to gather in groups in any part of the church/place of worship.
In the past few days, the cleaning of the road from Mawlai Mawroh to the road leading to Golflink has been witnessed which will continue until Tuesday.
Shillong, Lber 3: The Association of Meat Producers, which includes the producers of pork, beef, goat meat, has expressed its surprise that the government has decided to open a meat processing plant at Mawiong and that she was waiting for the day when the prime minister would open it.
G.Sungoh, said that 21,019 vehicles were seized at the two check points of the council at Mookyndur and Ratachera-Umkiang from 1st July 2019 to 29 February The fine from 1 Sept 2018 to 29 February 2020 is Rs 4,83,300/- or Rs 4,53,3
Congratulating the officers, the Chief Minister said, “Don't allow power, money and temptation to lead you in any direction but to focus only on serving the people. and there will be no mistake, that is when we will be able to reach the goal.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Pynïaid said that he is very pleased to be able to take part in this tournament where the Rongbiria was taught by our ancestors and this is alive because of the Seng. Khasi is still alive in this part.
Nongpoh: Speaking at the 6th Convocation-2020 of the University of Science and Technology Meghalaya (USTM) with 1332 graduates and honorees, Mr. U Satya Pal Malik, Governor of Meghalaya, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the slow improvement of education in the country. The reason why the Legislators in Parliament and the rich have not had the spirit to help or improve education in the country.
He said the JAC has met with the Minister of Transport who has directed the DC to convene a meeting between the Joint Cement Manufacturers Union (JHCMA) and the JAC in collaboration with AJCCTA, MTU. “We have invited the JHCMA to come to the meeting to resolve this issue, but they don't believe us,” said Nidamon.
Ravi, who has worked as a guard for Shah Rukh Khan, for more than 40 years, doesn't want anyone to take pictures or ring video of him, but his job is to Ravi is the one who is always at SRK's hands and feet whenever he travels, whether in India or abroad as well.
Conrad is a clean Government.
“The Expert Committee will inform the Government of its findings and we will see what we can do,” said Conrad K. Sangma.
I'll be back when the Earth is at peace.
"“All that remains now is to pray that God will give us a warning and when he (the Father) says so, the law should do what is necessary and set along shirts or what I am sorry for. Therefore, the people should sdien phasi syndon so that this news will spread all over the country so that others will not be afraid.
The desire to be able to travel to Ri Lum Garo.
Jakarta Air Force Rear Marshal Dwi Putranto said an Australian plane spotted a weapon on the island of Nangka, about 100 miles from Kalimantan. 1,120 kilometers from the place where the plane crashed.
Phulbari led by incumbent Congress MLA AT Mondal Purno received 9273 votes while Congress candidate Daryl Momin received 8734 votes.
Classical music is such as Weiking dance, Pomblang dance and others which people perform from time to time or every year.
Many times it is said that it is through the RTI that corruption can be exposed during the election campaign especially in the few months before the polling.
Shillong, March 18: The date of awarding prizes to the winners of the 4th Meghalaya Poetry Competition 2013 has been postponed to November for unavoidable reasons.
In the finals of Wa'Pong Sika, Pangrak R. Marak of West Garo Hills District became the winner and Lambai Challam came second. Wanlamrhami Passah from West Jaintia Hills District and the winner was Wanlamrhami Passah from West Jaintia Hills District.
The Opposition Leader and Congress Leader Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday demanded that the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government should withdraw the petition against the NPP. The Lokayukta has ordered the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to investigate the allegation of illegal smuggling of coal in the state.
Conrad said that although they have heard this news, they have not received any exact information or whether there will be any complaints from any residents regarding the demand for money from the members of the committee. batch.
The above are just a few of the benefits we get from trees.
Gilbert Snaitang scored in the 11th minute and Ïainehskhem Lyngdoh in the 40th minute, while Arki Mawlong (50) converted 10 goals for Eastern West Khasi Hills.
“The Madhya Pradesh Government has taken an important decision today and that is to provide employment only to the youth of the state and we are preparing the requirements related to this sector. "Chouhan said in his video today.
Prem Anand, Chief Business Officer of the Apollo Telemedicine Networking Foundation, expressed his pride in supporting this initiative.
There will also be a briefing on the completed land survey , so that everyone can get information from this land survey and give their support for this important project to bring about economic development in the State through kane to the street.
The society looks to the elderly in this age to have peace, prosperity, well-being without discrimination against anyone regardless of religion, race or ethnicity. family equality.
Money can buy votes although it can undermine the rule of law and justice.
The Club has also invited Vincent H. Pala MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency as the chief guest and RG Momin MLA from Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency as the symbud chief guest.
“However, although they are still in the midst of a weak body, tomorrow is a big day for the MDA government. they shall not come to take part in the assembly.
The hostel will be built according to the needs and will accommodate up to 300 people.
Mawsynram still holds the title of the rainiest place in India and the world as the annual rainfall in the area is 11802.4 mm per annum.
The Tactical Team I conducted a raid on the residence of Bah Cherish on the morning of 13th July
Based on this, the Ministry has prepared the 'Some Inputs for the Draft National Education Policy,
For those who participate, there will also be a cash prize for the first, second, third, fourth to sixth places and also for the oldest and youngest. no one can finish the race.
On the other hand, CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, said that he has asked for time on this issue and has asked for the cooperation of all the shopkeepers in the square, so that they can get their opinion. trade and labour, to address these problems of these market vendors to resolve these problems of these market vendors.
On the other hand, Stephanson Mukhim promised to provide assistance to the village through his MLA Scheme, while the two MDCs also promised to issue a Work Order for the development of the village. .
He will be buried on the 22nd of this month at the same village.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today visited the health centers in Sohra area from Laitryngew PHC, Sohra CHC to assess the preparedness if there is any need. at this time of fighting against coronavirus in the state.
Dr. A Khonglah praised the HYC for its assistance to the people and urged the people to be thoughtful during this time of crisis.
Vehicles passing by this area, slowly moved like a sdien sohpadoi from right to left.
He knows that if you hold him in your hand, how can he protect you?
This patient tested positive on 19th June
In China, 57 new cases have been reported today, the highest number of cases since June 2020 and some believe that the coronavirus has returned in the second wave. Country.
SHILLONG: The Lok Sabha, Bah Vincent Pala of the Congress party, on Tuesday said that the announcement of the election of Leaders to the various Legislative Assemblies of the country, be something new.
The head is called Khasi, the head is also called Khasi, the head and neck are also called Khasi.
In Category 10, the semi final between St'Thomas Pynthorbah and PFR Soccer Camp will be played on the 13th of this month at 1 pm while Onsides Football will play against PFR Team B at 1:30 pm. day.
Shillong, June 28: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has filed a PIL against the suspension of MDC schemes. Work orders for schemes in Nongkrem constituency.
In a statement sent by Bah ESS Thabah, Office Secretary Umsning Town Durbar, the reason for the postponement of the Umsning Market is that the 11th June is the polling day. , while the 19th of June is Good Friday.
However, it is not only the Wah Umkhen that has been flooded.
At the time of writing, Umsyiem village has been without fire for two days and two nights.
The establishment of a new C&RD at Umdohlun or Wahkaji will solve the problems of the people living in the more remote villages, he said.
He said that the VPP is not a party that comes only to contest elections but to fight for the issues of the country and the nation. this world, so before we leave this world we leave behind a peaceful and prosperous future.
The Independent Regulatory Commission (IRC) has approved the punishment against him after it has issued a summons.
Fortunately, no injuries were reported to the students of Ieng Swer Memorial Secondary School even though the incident happened during the school holidays,” said KSU Finance Secretary Streamly Niangti.
Maxderidoff Wahlang scored in the 7th minute, Kitboklang Pale in the 20th and 24th minutes and Ambilstar Sun in the 73rd minute.
Human blood contains Group A, Group B, Group AB Positive, and Group AB Negative blood.
Shillong: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has released its report showing the states with the lowest income growth, Kerala with 3.9 per cent, Jammu and others. and Kashmir, with 4.1 per cent, and Jharkhand, with 4.2 per cent.
Therefore, we need to protect and prevent the destruction of forests to avoid the widespread felling of trees and burning of forests to prevent the killing of wildlife. birds, fish, fish to avoid pollution of rivers, to avoid the use of pesticides and shot kharu which kill enemies of underwater life, to protect and avoid from the widespread burning and burning of forests so that wildlife, birds, fish and other living creatures, edible vegetables and medicinal plants can survive. I'm not afraid.
Therefore, this issue is based on the violation of privacy which affects us a lot. Our protest is against the reluctance of many people to have Aadhaar, because u Biometrics, Influx and Privacy.
Himanta Biswa Sarmah has signed the Anti Cow Slaughter Act.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, MPCC President Vincent H Pala said the party's decision not to take any punishment is because Dr RC Laloo has retired from politics. He also told the party not to take part in the party's activities.
He said the SBA will work with the students of Jowai Law College, West Jaintia Hills and Tura Law College, West Garo Hills, who are facing this problem.
“And in these days came prophets from Jerusalem unto Antioch.
In this regard, the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya is not true. Meghalaya will be angry and will strongly oppose if Assam sends its own police to patrol. to that part which is the border.
Shillong, March 25: The Them Metor has now become a major commercial hub where many shops have emerged selling various goods. Along the road from Iew Mawlong to Bimola, there are hundreds of shops, but according to the records of the District Council, there are only 36 shops.
According to Nongstoin Police Station, the drugs which weighed hundreds of liters of liquor were smuggled by these two persons from Lyngwa Sohiong. The tourist taxi is registered No-ML-0
The students who took part in the march carried placards with slogans demanding that the government should take action on this issue as such an incident should not happen again. little children.
The collection of plastic, tins, junk vehicles, bottles and junk byrni along the roads while walking and standing, spoils the beauty of the state.
Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District Bikram D Marak said the investigation is ongoing and the search for the two persons has escaped since morning.
It is clear that the players of these two countries have faced a lot of difficulties in terms of their punishment in many sports in different federations since Russia. you have invaded Ukraine.
Furthermore, during the meeting with the DC, the union also submitted a petition demanding that all the development works in the area should be implemented smoothly even if they come from Assam. This is the responsibility of the Government of Meghalaya.
When asked how the EC is not working, James Sylliang said, “The EC has been in existence for six years, we have seen that it has not reached anywhere. There is a new EC that will work well, this EC is now too weak and too slow”.
Like those tragic incidents at the 'Rally in Shillong on Unemployment' which happened on 28th March 2022 which has shocked us as a nation, and after a while another tragic incident in Mukroh village where precious lives have been lost.
The KSU leader said that the KSU in this area will stand on the same basis as the KSU in the whole state is against the plan of the State Government or the Indian Government to build a railway line.
This is a betrayal of the state and the people.
However, later on, a contractor agreed to construct the road and in November last year, the work started again and now it is going smoothly. , said that if the contractor takes action, the road will be completed within this year as it is not too far from Tynghor to Athiabari.
According to information received by this reporter, the delay in the investigation was not on the deposit of money into the accounts of private individuals but on the payment of salaries to the employees. Casual KHADC said that these employees are those whom the KHADC office has no information about.
Some ask how much a person's power or blessing can work.
They said that after talking to some of the leaders from the border area, they are deeply saddened to hear that they cannot sleep peacefully and live in fear of the Assam police. Assam Police are still searching and arresting the suspects involved in the destruction of the foundation stone of Assam.
Although they had lived in the city for more than a hundred years, they were treated like foreigners and foreigners.
The Inspector General of Police (Headquarters) John Neihlaia said that the police constable identified as Bimal Kanti Chakma (56 years old) has been arrested and charged. under section 91 (1) (d) of the Mizoram Police Act, 2011 and under rule 1040 (1) (c) of the Mizoram Police Manual 2005 together with Article 311 (2 (b) of the Constitution.
“We in the UDP support the issues that Bah Pynshngain has fought for, but now after the conflict, we will sit down and support or not,” he said.
She said that the state agriculture department has conducted public awareness meetings across the state that farmers should no longer use chemical fertilizers but should use natural fertilizers.
It is a sad thing if such things happen from time to time.
The Lama of the Country may not be used as clothing or school uniforms or any other clothing that covers the shatrai of a person.
He and only he is willing to die on the cross.
Don’t be ashamed, no one will talk down to you.
According to officials of the investigation team, Kejriwal was questioned at the office on the second floor of the Anti-Corruption Branch.
Riki Mukhim Cleanliness is a part of the health of our people because if we don't know how to clean ourselves we can get many kinds of diseases that threaten us.
But I asked again why I asked.
“We have not yet held a meeting on this and we will hold a meeting to discuss this,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
They demanded that an inquiry be launched into this matter and that those involved in this incident should not be removed immediately.
This has helped Risingbor in his career as a musician and instrument maker.
The winner of this year's title was Wickliffe House with 820 points, Sngap Sing House with 630 points, third place with Tirot Sing House with 500 points and second place with 500 points. Kiang Nangbah House came last with 470 points.
Three persons were rescued from the same area and they are children under 13 years of age.
Tomorrow, Khliehïongriang will play against Nangbah SA at 3.00 pm.
Shillong, June 28: NITI Aayog Member Dr Vijay Kumar Saraswat today said that the North East is at the forefront of implementing schemes and development projects for the development of the region.
There are also villages which are in darkness due to lack of electricity and have not been included in the rural electrification scheme known as SAUBHAGYA (Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana),” he said.
On our part, we make it clear that this issue is not only the issue of KHNAM but also the issue of the nation, and KHNAM is only a small organization that cares and wants to change the roster system. and that the Government shall not act unfairly.
“There are hospitals that understand how to talk and still allow people to leave even if they don't pay because they know that they are poor people, but the richest of the poorest are the Christian hospitals. They don't let the patient leave the hospital even if you don't have enough money to leave the hospital. Where is their Christian spirit? “They are Christians and they don't have the Christian spirit anymore,” said Saleng.
There were also party leaders from MDCs, former MLAs, leaders from women, youth, drama and others.
Urging the public to join hands with the Police in the fight against drug trafficking, Dr. Bishnoi said, “I request all the villages to come forward and share information with the Police and we will the names of the reporters will be kept confidential and we will ensure that we act immediately as soon as we receive the information.
This is a threat not only to our state and Assam but to the entire North East,” he added.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13 : UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that Shella will continue to be the UDP headquarters even after the appointment of MDC Teinwell Dkhar as CEM of KHADC. , has announced that he will not contest the upcoming MDC elections.
Participating in the Fourth Session on the Development and Promotion of New Sports Games in Universities on Tuesday, Al-Marwaai said the committee is still fighting as hard as it can. To introduce this physical activity in schools, in order to bring about the benefits of young people today need to strengthen the mind and also to strengthen the body.
The Court also said that the State Government should submit a report on the progress of the case when the hearing is held in the next six months, on the 8th of November.
Shillong: There have been 541 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 409 recoveries and 8 deaths.
Nongpoh, Jymmang, 20: The spread of unknown Youtube channels on social media platforms pretending to be journalists has become a source of misinformation and misleading many people in this age through false news. A Youtube Channel called 7trep TV has recently published a criticism against Pynïaid Sing Syiem by an unnamed man, with a picture of him. Bah BB Makdoh, Leader of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District, said that this is a false and unfounded news.
It is to be recalled that three months ago, the same group led by the Rangbah Shnong led by Bah Teiborlin Nonglang, Sordar of Umwali Village and a group led by him, led by puh shilum. They destroyed the crops and threatened him and all his family members.
Shillong: The Mawlai Open Basketball Tournament organized by the KSU Mawlai Circle on 05th June 2019, has reached the final of the women's category.
Speaking after a meeting with the IT department officials on Monday, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said, “We have already decided to move forward with the IT department. The last step in the provision of adequate network in the state by the provision of optical fibres.
Speeches were also delivered by the family members, St.Peter Higher Secondary School, Kid's Tarari, Mawlangniang Youth Assembly, a song from the family and Tymmenbasan P Marthong gave a reading of the Word of God and the Chairman Rev. JT Khardewsaw gave a welcome speech.
Thousands of people attended the meeting in the presence of Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira, MLAs including Rakkam Sangma, Marcuise Marak. , Jim Sangma, Rupert Momin and Chief Executive Member of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GARDC) at the laying of the foundation stone for the construction of the new C&RD Block Office.
This means that the 1290 days are the time of the reign of the devil and Satan.
Yoodahun Shylla also expressed his surprise how these smuggled goods pass smoothly on the road from Khliehriat to Borkhat and from Amlarem Muktapur and other border villages.
The purpose of this committee is to verify the requirements submitted by the schools and to recommend on the list of schools to the Ministry and to recommend on the proposal to admit schools to the Ministry. you are the second (Phase-II).
Shillong, Nailar 06: Mission Smile in collaboration with Topcem Cement will provide free cleft lip and palate surgery to 25 residents of the state especially to children with cleft lip and palate surgery today. year 2022.
Churu (Rajasthan), March 23: Senior Congress leader Rahul Gandhi today strongly accused the BJP, which is a party of ethnic discrimination, of destroying the country. He said that just as his mother-in-law died and his father died, he said that he too could suffer the same fate.
Some of the benefits received by ASHAs can be mentioned here; ASHAs earn 300 tyngka in rural areas and 200 tyngka in urban areas when they teach and lead women to give birth at hospitals.
Mawlai, Nailar 25: As part of the celebration of the National Sports Day, the Mawlai Grassroots Center together with the Mawlai Sports Club have jointly organized a football and physical education program for the children on Thursday. , at Mini Stadium, Mawlai, Phudmuri.
“There is a provision in the Constitution which empowers the Governor to extend the term of office of the ADCs,” the newspaper said.
Germany has trained specially trained dogs to search for people infected with the corona virus.
The Department of Horticulture has set up three Collection Centers for the convenience of the farmers.
The satellite image was released on October 16 and was seen 2,500km (1,500 miles) south of Perth, which is also the remotest part of the country. the world, where it is the most remote and four-hour flight from the coast of Australia.
It is learned that the two friends had tried to help him by giving him a siej to snoh and free himself, but their attempt too failed. Mr. Shiningstar Kharpati has been arrested.
At the same time, the Central Government has made it clear that the non-recognition of same-sex marriage will not affect the Fundamental Rights as enshrined in the Constitution of the country.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 758 active cases followed by West Garo Hills 446, Ri Bhoi 142, West Jaintia Hills 90, South West Garo Hills 83 and South West. Khasi Hills 70, Eastern West Khasi Hills 59, North Garo Hills 47, South Garo Hills 39, East Jaintia Hills 32, West Khasi Hills 39, and East Garo Hills 34.
On the other hand, Bah Alan Sun, Coach of these winners, thanked God for taking care of them since they left home to take part in the tournament. Special thanks to the Sengbhalang teams who have accompanied them from Guwahati, that their encouragement and support has strengthened the spirit of these athletes and look forward to the coming years that they will be able to win more medals.
"Earlier it was just an entry point, but now it has become a delivery and trading point.
It is for this reason that these problems and dissatisfaction of the Hima and the people of the state will arise,” he added.
He is the son of Kynsai Dkhar and Thilda Nongtdu, former CEM of JHADC, Hambertus Nongtdu, who encouraged him to play.
“The government through the police is asking for the names of our leaders, why do they have the intention that this party will arrest us, they want to make us like the Sengbhalang. “I don't know, we will fight even if we have to go to jail, we will fight because we haven't done anything wrong”.
If I were to write long, it would not end; but you see for yourself how these women of today are corrupted by terrible behavior from those children who are studying in high schools to those super models in Bollywood and Hollywood, from those who are 'simple in face, dangerous in mind' to those religious sisters who are stupid but who are stupid in mind and so on.
However, he explained that most of his speeches are teachings to the people that when they elect their leaders they should choose wisely.
Replying to a question, he said, “The HNLC has not yet suspended its activities because we too are still on a peaceful path and the suspension of any activities in any area will be discussed and resolved. He said he did not want to explain everything before the talks started as the talks would start in the first month of July.
“We have been in the government in the past where we have known the problem of this issue to resolve, we know that the report of the Survey of India which has taken the recommendations of the Commissions. “It has not caused any concern among many people and the Assam government has questioned this report,” she said.
The youth, identified as Muhammad Amin, was shot and thrown by the lion while he was standing near the house where he was arrested at the time he was trying to take a picture.
He said that as usual, the government cannot take action in relation to the market, but now it cannot take action after many of the villages complained about the lack of khaw in the rural areas. .
In a statement, the President of the union, Samla Syrrose Lamare, said that the power outage in Narpuh area is increasing.
He said that other states rely on the BJP and economic development flows into their state and the youth of these states do not need to go outside the state in search of jobs. do not follow the young men after them; However, the people of Meghalaya will face the same suffering in the next five years.
We should not allow all commercial vehicles to travel.
There are old habits of yours, which you need to get rid of, in order to have a strong and stable relationship and it is necessary for your loved one to feel happy and to get what Milind Soman, who is married to Anikta Konwar, is from Assam.
Rifiness Warjri -Gold Lateijanai Lyngdoh Nongbsap -Gold Fivestar Bareh -Silver Bantiplang khongwir -Silver Sangi ovanni Bhoi -Silver Rayian M Nongrum -Silver Kaugia yesmine Talukdar -Silver Debory Lalrohnem Sungte -Bronzery Nongrumwt -Brobm MunzeBkhim - Donkey pa u Juh Nongtdu -Bronze Onesimus M Malngiang  -Bronze Desent Sungoh -Bronze Marvisha Sohklet -Bronze Pailaremdor Syiem -Bronze.
Shortly after the Badminton tournament, many young men and women and the elderly came to participate.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Sub Divisional Magistrate of Sohra Civil Sub Division, Shillong, has enforced Section 144 CrPC prohibiting the gathering of four or more persons, carrying weapons and speaking insulting language within the Sub Division. .
After taking the decision to force the company to close down, the company has offered to pay all the losses suffered according to the challans that the company has not purchased.
Thakur met with the party office bearers in the state on the 3rd in Shillong and suggested strengthening the party in the state.
The father had to throw even his youngest son to the US troops guarding the airport in Kabul just to release him. from the attacks of the Taliban.
Jesus was a man whose words and deeds went hand in hand.
Khliehmynkrem FC scored the first goal through Mebanker Challam in the 72' and Caroline Colony won the match through Long Pohlong in the 77'
Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that the number of foreign traders in the area is not only 44, but too many, who do not have proper documents.
Speaking on the occasion, General Secretary of the HYC-Robertjune Kharjahrin, who was present at the meeting on 30th October, said that at the meeting (30th October) He said that if there is still a shortage of money to work on the road, more money will be given.
The officer also asked him whether he has any patta from Assam and he replied that he does not have any land titles from Meghalaya.
This was stated by Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, General Secretary of COMSO, in a short speech before the members of various political parties left after the visit. Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said, “Today we have come only a few people to remind the MDA Government. In 2019, the Government passed an official resolution to send it to Delhi but for more than a year, they have been sleeping lyngngai without doing anything. time to one time.
When asked, Sangma said the outstanding salary is only for two months as the Government has already paid the salary until November last year.
“Many of the students who come from low-income backgrounds and rely on these funds to be able to support them in their education, including tuition fees, books and other documents who need.
She said that doctors are currently being trained with the assistance of the Tamil Nadu government to perform ultrasound sonography.
Shillong, Nailur 11: U Prof LS Gassah on Tuesday said that in Meghalaya there are many politicians but there is not a single statesman.
Out of the five persons who were shot dead by Joshi, two of them sustained serious head and body injuries.
Meanwhile, the President, Reynold Dkhar stressed the urgent need for the Forest Department to wait for proper clarification on the permission from the Dhar company to cut down the trees.
She is a child from Jalaphet village and came to Jowai to study.
Prestone Tynsong of the NPP has won the Pynursla constituency.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr Rita Pohrmen, Medical Superintendent of Jowai Civil Hospital, said, “The team led by a gynecologist has helped this woman to give birth.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Jirang Hima Dorbar under the leadership of the Syiem of Jirang Hima, Paiem Hamborli Wahlang, has come to clarify the allegation of the JAC Sohiong that there is a sale and purchase of the Hima Nongwah. Matthew.
The Meghalaya High Court has ordered the Deputy Chairman to conduct the Dorbar following the pending hearing against the election of the new Chairman of the Council on 9th November, which the opposition MDC Awhai Andrew Shullai has filed. After the conclusion of the dorbar, the MDCs of the ruling party expressed their deep sorrow over all the issues they had planned to bring to the dorbar for discussion. on the death of the council.
The State team, which finished second last season, has been placed in Group-A for the final round of the 77th National Football Championship (Santosh Trophy -24).
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Diengiei Circle together with the office bearers of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Krang Unit have launched a campaign against the construction of the road through the Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project. by the World Bank.
“This action of the government is unacceptable as it has caused disruption in the working methods of the officers when their term of office has not expired,” said the statement. Hills Hills.
Other speakers included the Secretary Shnong, C.Pohshna who congratulated the FKJGP for being ready to cooperate with the government authorities in this regard. is ready to cooperate with the party in any activities of the party.
The Minister recalled that the State has already requested the NTA to set up CUET centers in all 12 districts of Meghalaya which will be located in schools which have all the necessary facilities to conduct the CUET centres. The Minister has requested the Union Minister to intervene and direct the NTA to make special arrangements for the students of Meghalaya.
These hopes and joys of spirit have returned to the students, parents and teachers today, after the Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh as one of the The school has been able to announce the results of the schools as usual.
“The Khasi himself has his own skills, his own blood, his own skills and strength, let us preserve these good things of ours”. said Sweetymon's mother.
There have been 191 new cases of Covid-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 4,5
In the Tan Tyllai tournament, Rongkhon won the title five times.
“I would like to ask on what provision of the law they have passed the ordinance because according to Paragraph 3 (5) of the Sixth Scheduled it empowers the district councils to appoint the chief executive officers,” he said. Always.
At present, there are hundreds and thousands of different ethnic groups and religions throughout India which have their own customs and traditions recognized by the laws of the Government of India. state as well as District Councils and local authorities.
Furthermore, the Dolloi congratulated and encouraged all the children of the Raij, the Elaka, the country and the jaitbynriew that the Raij Jowai has been able to complete this ritual today between the He expects that the performance of other religious activities within the Raij of the Elaka on the basis of the Shad Ñiam Behdieñkhlam will be smooth and orderly.
Khliehriat, June 8: The Khliehriat Block Congress Committee (WNC) today held a special meeting at Wapung Shnong. They also carried placards expressing concern over the increase in food prices and the high price of petrol and other commodities.
“I told him that the Syiem should do such a thing to the children of thousands. I ordered him to withdraw all the FIRs. said Latiplang.
In 2013, there was a fierce struggle for the Congress ticket in Mawkynrew constituency between Drola Khongjoh and Banteidor Lyngdoh. Banteidor Lyngdoh (Paidang) has left the party to contest as an independent candidate.
Iga defeated world number two Aryna Sabalenka of Belarus by 6-0 3 6-4 which is also a repeat of last year's final by winning the title.
That's small but zero development.
Being spoken of in this way by the neighbors has brought shame on the writer and the whole family.
Social Development Specialist, World Bank and other officials were also present.
Shillong: Speaking to reporters, Ma Vincent H Pala, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) today took responsibility for the defeat of the Congress candidates who contested the elections. The election is not over yet.
We cannot say that Bah Prestone is a good speaker and the people like to listen to him.
Village leaders who attended the meeting were from Madanrting, Jatah, Mawshbuit and others.
The 2001 census showed that Meghalaya had a population of 23.19 lakh but in 2011 this population increased to 29.64 lakh.
In connection with the incident, it was seen that the Nongpoh Police Station, rushed to the scene, to provide assistance to the injured. seriously injured, immediately rushed to hospitals.
Bah Biang Hynniewta, 72, of Mawlynrei, EK Hills, passed away on 22-05-2
They arrested Eugene Bronlow Cattel, his brother-in-law, and all the Khasi servants and took them to Nongkrem.
Reducing saturated fat intake also helps.
On the occasion, Bah Lamjingshai Shangdiar, President, said that the party is sorry to see that foreigners, who do not have proper documents, have come to work as owners. HANM members have been saddened by the fact that these jobs have been done by these foreigners, and that the Khasi youth are also easy to work.
In the first half, Caroline Colony and Lion Sports & Youth Affairs scored 1-1 goals each.
" Because the word "Lord" refers exactly to the highest authority in human life.
In the third division, Kharang beat Lumpyngngad 5-2
Football club affiliated with the Association.
Bah Sanbor, who won from the NCP in the last election as MDC from Laban-Mawprem, has already resigned but the law has not come into force till today.
In a statement sent by the Chairman of the JAC, Bah P Kylla and Secretary Bah Ban Kharnaior, they said that the people are strongly opposed to the license to the company but the EM has authorized to grant the license and even the Executive Committee. I don't know about the license.
“Many of the works he has done for us, many of the projects that have been implemented in the State are due to his hard work.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 29: The East Jaintia National Council (ENC) through its General Secretary, Bah Nangjan Dkhar, has demanded that the state government should immediately repair the bridge at the border village nearby. Shymplong, due to the damage to the bridge has caused problems to the people living in the border areas who used to pass through the bridge.
Seven of the deaths were from EKH: 05, and one each from RBD and SWGH. The total number of recoveries has risen to
The State Police Department, on 5th June 2013, has issued a warning to the public regarding the emergence of FedEx groups. of suppliers such as FedEx.The fraud includes through phone calls to target the public by falsely claiming that the delivery of goods is in their name containing illegal goods and to deceive the people just to get money.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, President of the National People's Congress (NPP) today met with 15 MDCs of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), including 11 MDCs from the NPP and one from the GNC. and 3 private MDCs, have met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Satyapal Malik, to express the number of people to form the new Executive Committee in GHADC; However, the BJP has expressed its opposition to this by alleging that the Chief Minister has misled the Governor because the District Council requires 17 members instead of
The first time she took a loan from a bank without any interest and other activities called the technology of this modern age to produce these until they become medicines.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the Minister of Education, Lahkmen Rymbui and officials of the state education department are looking for ways and means to reopen the school. in collaboration with school principals or School Managing Committees (SMCs).
Speaking to reporters after leaving the SDO's office, the Sordar of Saitsohpen said that the SDO could not give any satisfactory answer to them, but he said he would take the matter. The Sordar of Saitsohpen Village said that he will wait for a reply from the government but they expect it to clarify soon. Urlong has decided to continue with this work which can lead to injury.
Many times when we see the criticism of us young Khasi women that they are too much to the point that they have become too much for our behavior and dress as well.
“The government should not only use the sympathy tree but should also use the love tree to stop the violence in Garo Hills,” he said.
Nalor to Sanvert, to Sylvester Mylliempdah (42).
Even if the rivers are still flowing, the water is no longer drinkable because it is too polluted.
Therefore, regarding the breaking of dead cows from time to time, the HPF Leader, has warned those trucks carrying cows from now on that they should not break the dead cows improperly. dead cow, as it will affect the public who breathe in the smell of the dead animals, according to a statement from the organization.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today said that the state government will not allow the opening of places of worship in the state. The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has not yet given permission to open places of worship across the country.
“They have also expressed in writing through the Court that the Government should give them land when they are relocated but at present, I cannot explain more,” he added.
India are currently third in the medal table behind Japan and China with 18 medals including 6 gold, 6 silver and 6 bronze. Wine.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Muktiar of these five persons, Bah H.Nongkhlaw, said that the reason for their arrest was because they did not appear yesterday, as the High Court had summoned them. regarding the incident which happened in April this year in Mylliem where the President of the Nongshat Nongkheiñ Seng, Bah Kulam Nongrum, was protested against the burning.
The theme of the Golden Jubilee will be “Dream, Believe and Achieve”.
Shillong, March 19: The Sutnga Village Council on Tuesday decided to appeal to the law enforcement authorities against the PWD authorities for their mismanagement of the roads. Sutnga-Sumer Road, through the village forest and private land without consulting and asking for permission from the villages.
“Normally, the appeal should be filed within one month of the decision,” he said.
Therefore, what belongs to the father, we say, belongs to the father, because he too has the right to his own race, not to take away, take back or steal that race. from Mexico.
Nature takes care of us like a mother and fills our world with beautiful colours," he added.
However, there are also Niamtre, Khasi and other traditional religions, Muslims, Hindus and others.
He said the KSU will continue to monitor the matter and if the bank does not listen to the talks, they will have to take strong measures.
When asked what it would do if the BJP introduced the CAB, he said the NPP would stand against it because it stands for the protection of the people of the North East.
The center was also established in collaboration with Vasudeva Vilasam from Kerala to provide Ayurveda and Traditional Khasi Massage.
Only one of the nine missing persons has been identified as Sunil Sharma of 124 Bn.
She said that she is a person who doesn't like to take but she likes to give and she saves the money she earns from elsewhere such as from the tuition fees of the students and she keeps it aside. These funds are used to help the poor.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: U Drola Khongjoh, the Congress candidate for the MLA election, has announced that he will support with his supporters the UDP candidate Remington Pyngrope for the MDC election from Mawkynrew.
The shortage of new textbooks of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) this year in the bookstores has caused a lot of trouble to parents, students and teachers these days especially in the country. He said that this is the time when all schools have started to reopen.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the party, Bah Dundee C Khongsit, said that he understands that it takes time to build the entry and exit points, but it should be temporarily deployed by people to protect the party. You are from another state.
Or it should have been given the ticket by others who are skilled leaders like Prof. RC Laloo and others.
Admitting that this issue is serious, the Minister said that they need to look into all aspects.
Other types of education that needs to be provided to children are Career Skills Education which can show the types of education or jobs that they can do so that the children can have their own good goals from the part of their future.
In Maharashtra, there are high numbers of cases in three districts of the state and in three other districts, there is a shortage of oxygen and there is a shortage of oxygen equipment.
So whatever he says, I think it's true for me," he said.
The child, who has recovered well, came to greet Bah Shangpliang at the meeting and said, “I have never known this child but I have never known this child. “I am happy to see that she has recovered and has come to greet me,” he said.
“This hospital will provide services to many residents for emergency treatment,” he said.
He said that the union has received many complaints from the drivers of trucks that many of the trucks have overloaded the weighbridge, when they arrive at the weighbridge they do not pay tax to the government. without a single one to be held by government personnel.
In 2009, he won the MDC election on the Congress ticket and was the Chairman of JHADC. In 2014, he contested the Tuber election as an independent candidate, but was not elected by the people.
Until today, we have not seen any reprimand or punishment against any political party.
Donborlang Nongkynrih scored two goals for Langsning in the 13th and 31st minutes while Kynsai Lhuid scored two goals in the 64th and 84th minutes.
These days, even the children in Class IV-V have learned to use the internet.
Jowai, Naiwieng 2: Leaders of Raij Elaka Raliang today met with the CEM of JHADC regarding the suspension of the Dolloi of Raliang Elaka, Chawas Lyngdoh.
Two mothers and children have lost their lives in Mowtyrshiah B village this morning due to a fire.
In this regard, the MIG held a public hearing on Tuesday at the Dorbar Hall of Saphai Village and the people unanimously agreed to install the gate in the village at a place known as Kympreng.
Even today there are many raij in the Ri-Bhoi area where the Karbi people still rule and who still thank Syiem Khyrim and Syiem Mylliem.
“Until now we cannot explain exactly how much money has been lost but we know that it has reached less than Rs 5 crore,” said Claudia.
It was also noticed that the number of tourists from other states has increased during the rainy season due to the strong wind from the damsite.
VPP President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said that the people of Jaintia Hills are poorer than Khasi Hills despite the fact that they have coal.
In a complaint to the Director General of Police, Amita alleged that Ma Chullet, who is also a senior leader of the National People's Party (NPP), was one of those involved in the shooting. the day in Somerset.
“The state as it is now needs a lot of development works, it needs financial assistance and from all aspects especially in terms of maintaining peace and stability in the state,” he added.
In East Jaintia Hills, the day was also celebrated at the District Community Hall of Khliehriat West.
KSU Umsning Circle has arrested two buses with the number plates AS 01 GC 7338 and AS 01 KC 5638 and these foreigners. They were arrested in Umsning area and after investigation, it was found that these foreigners did not have proper documents.
MS Dhoni will continue to take part in domestic sports such as the Indian Premier League.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The incident of menshohnoh and men aiksuid in these days has occurred in several places and there has also been a tragic incident due to this incident as happened in Smit and in that cat cat or bag.
India is ready for the future, so that it can continue to grow rapidly in the future.
There will also be 21 electric buses for urban operations and 12 electric buses for tourism purposes.
The All India Football Federation (AIFF) had already decided to hold the tournament in Shillong but 12 days before the start of the tournament it was suddenly cancelled.
Shillong, Lber 21: On the 18th of this month, the elders of the Seng Khasi (Seng Kmie), Mawkhar in the presence of the leaders of the Seng Khasi Mawprem and the Sohtun Kur, after they had shat They are believed to have received a new tribe, the 'Kharmai' tribe.
“During the time of the Assam government, the Chief Minister Bishnu Ram Medhi used to encourage the youth. Assamese to marry Khasi women and he promised to reward for that, because the aim is to spread throughout the region to become one ethnic group in the state.
Shillong: The Director General of Police (DGP), LR Bishnoi, today told reporters on the allegation of misuse of vehicles by one of the police officers “Ka tnad Police have already lodged a complaint and documents with the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Ministry is investigating this matter according to the report we have already submitted”.
“If we take our lineage from our father, our parents are called meikha, and the mother's mother is called meiieid, but if we take our lineage from our father, my children will be called meikha. ong meikha how can we call that if we don't have that system of counting the jait counting in us Khasi it will lead to a serious mistake and it can also lead to peace later and that's why we don't want “I don't want to change this custom because this shim jait is not regulated and we don't want to change anything else,” he said.
Bah Sing Mulieh, MLA Jowai and former Minister of State.
The pastor lives in Mawpat and is a member of the Nongsawlia Presbyterian Church.
The JNC said that this action of the Assam government shows that it does not respect the land ownership of our fellow citizens who live in these villages and who have raised and maintained these lands. more than a century.
As a sign of gratitude, the university will award all the students with scarves/jingdeng specially made for all the students who will take part in this convocation.
The opposition to the opening of trade between the two countries is that the civil society and villages are not satisfied with the health department to provide services because War Jaintia is poor and backward in terms of health. you are healthy.
Shillong, Nailur: The Samla Seng Khasi Riwar Mihngi Shillong Branch, will hold a meeting and seminar 2022, for the youth of the region who live, study and work in Shillong on the 25th of this month. This month at Seng Khasi College, Jaiaw Shillong from 11 am to 4:30 pm.
Furthermore, it was learned that other houses in the area have been damaged, besides crops such as pathaw and many other types of jhur have been severely damaged in Mawshynrut.
“All the troublemakers will have to sign a soskular to be peaceful.
These labs have up to 70 types of equipment including the 6′′ GSO Dobsonian Telescope.
He said that the Prime Minister who holds the budget is responsible for paying the remaining money and not just thinking about holding concerts.
We don't have any way to get rich because we have to drive it only in front of people.
When man was very foolish, he used for planting only a stick by which he dug holes in which he planted the seed.
If this is the case, it is not useful to clean only in the kitchen or in one's own home without cleaning outside the house or outside the villages.
The AIM also expressed concern over the exploitation of hospitals from private hospitals to government hospitals by increasing prices without knowing what part of treatment according to the disease. Covid Positive patient.
Israel's attack on Gaza has gone so far that it has blocked aid to the wounded, the missing and the displaced.
He said that the KSA should respect the Khasi people living on the border, because there are many Karbi communities living in Meghalaya who live happily and receive various benefits without being discriminated against. However, if the KSA harasses the Khasi people living on the border, the KSA will not hesitate to think carefully and take other measures.
The participants included local groups and SHGs from Muphlang, Mustem, Shkenpyrsit and Pynthorlangtein villages.
He said that up to 1000 water tanks have been constructed across the state to store water and increase the water supply in the river through various projects.
What is more surprising is that Modi does not know how much assets his wife has, and instead of filling in the assets his wife Jashodaben writes 'Unknown'
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has distributed food items to 30 families in Pamrapaithlu village on Tuesday.
The Minister said Rs 156.96 crore has been spent on the National Health Mission, Rs 88.75 crore on the DHS(MI) in 2020-21 and Rs 302.08 crore on the NHM in 2021-2 113.48 by DHS(MI).
“If we give everyone a chance they will want to be in a peaceful and comfortable environment.
“Take another Syrpai,” said the ma ma, and he was still eating the phan karo while he was waiting for the sha.
Meanwhile, the CSWO through its President Agnes Kharshiing said that the killing of the IB officer has put at risk the officers who came to serve in the state. The Investigation Agency (NIA) has investigated the deaths.
Police said that at about 8:30 pm yesterday, three members of the GNLA entered the gate of Bah Honsen Lyngdoh in Shahlang area and shot dead Bah Honsen Lyngdoh. Karly Nongsiej and Bah Harnessius Nongrum were injured in the shooting.
Furthermore, the union demanded that the DC should look into the absence of names of many poor families who have not received assistance through this Act to get rice at the price of T.3 per kilo.
In fact, the District Administration has enacted Section 144 CrCP to ban the mining of shyiap because it damages the environment.
Vijay Kumar Shukla, also known as Munna Shukla, has been arrested on charges of murdering former Prime Minister Vijay Kumar Shukla. Brij Bihari Prasad, was appointed by Vaishali.
“Therefore, we urge you to punish the police involved in this incident so that the Chief Superintendent of Police of Assam can punish them according to the rules of law for misusing their powers by “They have attacked innocent residents who need the assistance of the Assam Police to search for the missing person,” said the complaint from the JACBoM which was also sent to the DGP of Assam Bhaskar Mohanta.
The State Government will conduct a 10-month survey to identify land for land owners in Shillong.
“People have known and seen what the NPP is and what the difference is from other parties here in Meghalaya.
The Sikh community has demanded that the state government should keep them in the present area and allow them to build good houses as they have been living in this area for about 200 years.
Which means it works when someone asks a question.
Sundar Pichai, CEO of Google, has praised a woman who continued to study science, even though she got zero at first.
He said that in the past years, the previous government knew how to manage such incidents and because of this, Meghalaya has known the good reputation but in the last two years, all The good deeds of the government have gone to waste due to the government's inability to manage.
After receiving this information, the Rangbah Shnong of Patharkhmah, Bah Najim Kharmalki, ordered the owner of the affected cow to quarantine it for treatment. the disease from spreading to other healthy cattle.
The KSU NKH has done this after receiving information that MVIs from Assam used to extort money from time to time from trucks passing through the GS road in parts of Meghalaya. who carry too much.
Shillong: The EC of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has convened a meeting to discuss the renewal of trading licenses to foreigners.
Before the programme, Ma Sniawbhalang unfurled the flag of MBOSE, launched a memorial book and cut the 50th Anniversary cakes.
Traders or sellers are more dangerous than drinkers and need to be punished.
After four years, there was nothing behind it, it was said that they had already seized the goods because the Hima had given the responsibility to these rangbah.
Daniel said that if the DC's office does not listen to the suspension demanded by the KSU, the three civil society organizations that took part in the protest in 2012 for the registration will continue. they shall go out in multitudes to protest.
Up to 270 shooters from these seven states and members of the Assam Rifles Marksmen Unit and Army Marksmen Unit, except Sikkim and Tripura, have participated in the competition. participate in this championship.
I am also pleased to announce that the new initiatives in this program include financial support and opportunities for youth to represent their district, Meghalaya and the country in competitions.
It also proves that it is because of those who will increase the price of goods here.
The Empire is famous for its great power and wealth.
The football tournament was held at Umden Stadium as part of the memorial service of Late Dr. Jerin Syiem who passed away two years ago. Late Dr. Jerin Syiem, MLA of Nongpoh Constituency, is also the father of Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA of Nongpoh Constituency. He has been working as the District Medical Health Officer in Ri-Bhoi District and is also one of the doctors who have been involved in the eradication of Malaria in Ri-Bhoi District.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Dopth has convened a meeting for the revival of the Lukha and Lunar Rivers at his office tomorrow at 11 am.
So where did you bast? Where is the writer? Where is the judge of this world? Hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world? For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolish preaching to save them that believe.—1 Corinthians 1:20-2
The first issue is whether those who are fighting for Meghalaya have a vision and a roadmap for where they want to lead our state.
A house without books can be likened to a room without a door, which is difficult to live in because it is dead and dark, but a house with books brings life and character. which is good for men.
In a letter signed by MeECL President Mantipphrang Lyngdoh and Secretary Angelina Hynniewta, they requested the Minister to issue an announcement to renew the salary from The Labor Department can send information to all the departments to implement this in time to avoid paying arrears to the casual employees of MeECL. They also request that the announcement be announced in the media for the information of all, or posted on the web site of the Labor Department so that the Department can implement the announcement.
He also informed about the presence of various animals and plants in the Nongkhyllem Wildlife Sanctuary, where these animals and plants cannot be found anywhere else except in the forest which is specially maintained by the government.
Police have registered two cases at the Crime Branch Police Station including the sending of emails threatening to blow up bombs around schools.
Imphal: Clashes have broken out again in Imphal, Manipur.
“If you look closely at the music video Wai Luti, you can clearly see these cassette tapes inside the car.
West Garo Hills has 49 cases, West Jaintia Hills 54 cases and these include 3 cases in Iongpiah, 7 cases in Mission, 3 cases in Mission, 4 cases in Mookyrdup, 6 cases in Mynthong and 5 cases in Syndai.
The High Court earlier in many states of the country, has suspended the appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries of the State Governments as it is not in accordance with the law.
Finally, as enlightened and educated young people, we should have the skills not only to shout that there is no need for jobs, but we should not be afraid to work in any job, big or small.
Soprey is a helicopter and plane training exercise involving several countries including the United States, Australia, Indonesia and the Philippines. part of the training of their air force in the event of a war tomorrow.
Also present on the occasion were Pauldeep Tongwah, President of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, Bah Kyntiewnam Syiemlieh, Secretary Village Rangthong, Kong A.Allya, Principal of Rangthong Christian Higher Secondary School, KSU leaders, women. parents, school children and other elders of Rangthong.
This will lead to a coalition between the UDP, HSPDP and PDF but now there are four national parties which are like four cows candidates who will shrut each other and who will still give power to the national parties. Because now the strength of the national parties is only to buy people and votes but the HSPDP does not have such a view.
To explain and explain the various schemes.
Therefore, in order to curb the evasion of taxes, the presence of toll gates to collect money by force has been banned on parts of the road in East Khasi Hills District.
“I have contracted covid 19 and have mild symptoms.
To add to that, the top three who run the lodges will be recognized and will receive an award, there will be more resources to support in this area.
“The seizure of smuggled goods in cash value has reached Rs 71 crore.
Bosewell Khongthohrem said that the Syiem's ​​decision to appoint the Acting Syiem was unfounded as the court had recently issued an order to hold a full election of Rangbah Shnong. Mothers should be allowed to take part in the election of Rangbah Shnong.
You students don't be afraid and don't be afraid to leave the sword, to dig the ground, to raise pigs, cows...to cut the ground and so on.
Speaking to media, Conrad Sangma said, “It is clear that I will contest from South Tura until now, and there has been no change from my constituency.
He said that the withdrawal of Aadhar in connection with the distribution of lyer shet in the state is for the same reason.
On Saturday, Ian Cambell in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, Mawlangwir SWKHD, in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs of the Government of Meghalaya. Hills District has held the State Talent Identification (STI) 2022 which was conducted by Edge 10 Group from the UK. Along with Ian Cambell, Alistair Tait, International Global Coach, Bah John F. Kharshiing, Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah Damang Syngkong, District Sports Officer, staff, volunteers and 200 children who came to participate in the event. sun.
On behalf of the Federation of Khasi States, including the Federation of Chief Executive Members of Hynniewtrep, we send our heartfelt condolences to you. The children of Bah HS Shylla (bam kwai ha dwar u blei)It is a great loss to the whole of Ri Khasi, we remember the events that we have experienced and talked about now. I would like to express my concern for the urgent need for the protection of the nation in the past 42 years. who fought hard to unite the political parties to get a three-flag government in 1978-1
Regarding the road, the Dolloi requested all the visitors not to hesitate to walk first as the road from Raliang to Nongkynrih Village is a narrow road where vehicles have to pass through. follow the line so that those who come to the tournament will avoid losing their share.
The union through its various units in South West Khasi Hills District has also found that there are places where although the dealers have not sent money to the buyers, the supply of rice to the dealers is low because the wholesalers do not pay. ot kilograms of rice and less than kilograms of rice.
Shillong, October 13: The Executive Committee of the UDP Nongkrem, which held a meeting on October 10 at the residence of Bah Draison Kharshiing under the leadership of President Circle Prety Kharpyngrope, has invited applications from those who wish to participate. To apply for tickets from the party for the mid-term MDC elections, those who wish to apply can call the President at no.98621-84715 on or before the 21st of this month.
Nongpoh: Upon learning that a wine shop will be opened at Umdon near Umryngksai and Lumbyrhing villages, the residents of these villages and other villages Marjan, in the presence of several groups of civil society groups, have left to turn to the place where the Kyiad shop is planned to be opened, in order to express their strong opposition to the plan to open the Kyiad shop. This is the shop of Kyiad.
They also expressed the urgent need for the approval of the President on the three Bills opposed by the ethnic groups of the state. to their speech.
On the morning of the 25th before leaving for Delhi, she received support and encouragement from Bah Sanbor Shullai, BJP MLA from South Shillong who is also a Minister of State and from the BJP Women's Group of the Constituency and Meghalaya Unit. .
It informed that seven service providers have been identified to expedite the certification and implementation of the mission.
The MLA of the constituency also donated 5 lakh tyngka.
This has also suggested that they may have come from overseas countries (Bangladesh) who have smuggled into the State, so the Seng has asked for Work Permits from them but they have not accepted them immediately. The Organizing Committee has sent to collect the most of our refugees and to send them back to their places of origin because they don't have the necessary documents to prove that they are full citizens of the village. in India.
She was also the lead producer of 'Mission 2024' along with Preeti Choudhry where she won the award for the best producer of the show.
“The patient and family members may not receive adequate training to take care of themselves at home as in hospitals,” he added.
It is to be recalled that these youths were about to go to church in the morning when the Assam police from their camp, attacked and tried to rape these three women.
This also creates problems for the passengers as they have to stay in the same place for many hours.
CSK are second in the table and are expected to finish fourth in the table.
If you want to write a letter to translate from Khasi to English, you should write (Riang -(verb – (1) ri, (2) suma (3) tyngkai (4) pynrkhiang. ; then the noun (1 ) the cultivation (2 ) the care ( 3 ) the harvesting ( 4 ) the care of the seeds by hanging them up like riewhadem and other ( 5 ) problems.
Another aspect of the Ïewduh is the excessive uncleanness.
John 14:28 Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you.
The ASHAs have not been able to take a decision after the minister has not sent a letter to them, although they have been waiting for several hours on the road outside the Secretariat after talking inside the Secretariat.
He visited the Khasi Heritage Village in Mawphlang and looked at the exhibits inside to inquire about the culture of the Khasi.
When they take only one word from the shijur, they carry another meaning that may be related or completely different from the shijur.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the HSSLC and SSLC examinations will continue as scheduled.
She said that on 28/11/20 the village authorities decided to fine her for seeking RTI on the schemes where she refused to pay the fine and on 30/1 /20 The Dorbar Shnong of Lama Village, has decided to expel her from the village with the order that no resident of Lama Village should seek RTI without permission from the Village Authority.
The government has also allowed to open all hostels including hostels run by churches or private individuals and has also allowed to open a children's home.
“We have appointed contracts for these employees of this new department of the Council and we will confirm it after it has been brought to the House,” said the CEM of KHADC. The EM in charge of the Town Committee, Bah Antonio War, said that the department is able to generate funds on its own as it does not have to take funds. There will be no shortage of funds from the people who come to ask for permission to build houses.
In this way, the voice of the people of democracy dies.
She was accompanied by her mother and husband.
The total number of cases has risen to 2,494 and the death toll has risen to 1,5
Diamon Makroh scored the first goal in the 16th minute.
Police have not registered a case yet.
They have been present for about four days to discuss the development of the Nonggnah area. Nongnah includes 8 Village Authorities.
He criticized the BJP for trying to make India a country of discrimination against other ethnic groups.
Nongpoh: It will be a good news for the residents of hundreds of villages in the Mawhati area, from Umsning-Mawhati to Umsiang and who used to use the Umsning-Jagiroad road, because yesterday. Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday announced that the present government has taken seriously the problems faced by the people in the area, due to the excessive deterioration of the road. which they used.
Shillong: The UDP has received 12,002 votes while the independent candidate Grace Mary Kharpuri has received 5,781 votes and won by 6,221 votes.
The scientists discovered these facts after conducting research at the National Institutes of Health's Rocky Mountain Lab in Hamilton, Montana, involving experts from the NIH, Princeton University and the University of California. Los Angeles, through the financing of the United States Government.
This was announced by Forwardman Nongrem, President, Khasi Students' Union (KSU).
The program will be held at the CTO Complex, opposite the BSNL Employees' Union Room, Vivekananda Road, Shillong.
Umiew Maw-u-Sam village, which is located near Smit village, is surrounded by the Umiew River.
“I congratulate the Ministers of the Meghalaya Government for taking the initiative to provide land for the construction of the Tripura Bhawan and Hostel in the New Shillong area and this final decision will be taken after another meeting with the Government officials. Meghalaya and Tripura in the coming days,” said Vikash Debbarma.
These apps can be downloaded from Google Play on mobile phones or other computers.
This prophecy of Zechariah was fulfilled and completed, when Jesus entered Jerusalem as King of the Jews (Israel) in 32 AD before Jesus entered Jerusalem he came near Bethphage and Bethany is near the Mount of Olives.
Sngi Dhar, President of the VO of Ïalong, gave the welcome speech.
Matheus N Lamin, Rangbah Shnong and Chief Guest of the programme, said that the party pays tribute to Abelkhraw Kongwang, the first Sordar of Raid Mukertilla and the owner of the programme. village from Kongwang village.
It was also during this government that a resolution was introduced in the Legislative Assembly on the ILP, the Khasi and Garo languages ​​to be included in the Sixth Schedule and many other issues that cannot be mentioned.
In all forests in the Bri U Hynniewtrep which do not fall under the prohibitions of Law Adong, Khloo Blai, Law Shnong, the villagers may cut down trees according to their needs.
However, if the people have accepted the rule of a strong government, they will elect a clean government and will endure the challenges that will come later.
If we compare the farmers of Meghalaya with the farmers in the state, there is a big difference, because of the poverty.
Kisan defeated Angel De Barma of the Combat Academy Nagaland by a split decision.
Introducing the Zero Hour Notice by quoting from the newspapers the speech of the KSA leader, Bah Ardent referred to many of the provisions of the Indian Penal Code for such insulting speeches.
The Karbi have no intention of disrupting the peace and stability especially since the border talks have not ended.
And it is not known whether anyone knows the day of their death.
He concluded by saying, “Don't misunderstand” on the issue of amending the 6th Schedule.
God says, “God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise” (1 Corinthians 1:27).
This is according to a statement sent by the Minister of Mawthawpdah Village Council, Sundaystar Lyngkhoi.
The Behdieñkhlam festival, which is called 'saw days and nights', started on the 6th and ended on Monday, 9th November, The Shor, the completion of the Siang ka Pha, the Symbood Khnong, the Khnong Blai, the Deiñkhlam, the bam tyngkong, and other religious activities were completed by the Dolloi of Jowai District, Langdoh , Pator and Waheh Wasan.
The union strongly condemns that such brutality of the police will not bring any good, but will be like a scar on the wound which will turn into a threat to the youth.
Nongpoh, Nailur 06: Many villages in Ri-Bhoi district have complained about the lack of funds in the implementation of the MNREGS scheme or the 100 days bill scheme. labor costs, equipment costs and others.
It is learned that 66 cases have been registered against Reginald Ronald Thabah alone across the police stations. He was remanded in Williamnagar District Jail.
On the closing day, T.A and D.A certificates were distributed to all the participants.
However, despite the hard work of the civil society, the authorities and the police, there are still new drinkers who are influenced by their friends to experience this alcoholic beverage. and which makes the life of the drinker happy.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24 : The High Court (HC) of Meghalaya has directed the state government to enact laws and regulations for the scientific mining of minerals including the transportation of coal. coal mined with this new technique.
The union later informed the police of South West Khasi Hills District where the police of Gumaghat came to Jamadwar on the 7th.
The two wheels have caused a lot of trouble because some of them are riding according to their own strength while others are facing the risk of life.
The Rympei Church in the Salonsar Church: Jesus chose to be born and raised in the Holy Family of Joseph and Mary.
Tuliram Ronghang should have apologized immediately for his statement that the Pnars are foreigners who have just settled in Mukroh and Block I. The Chief Minister, on his visit to Ri Bhoi, has seen two places where members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have raised placards with the slogans No ILP No Rest.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills is 2424, 4,903 have recovered and 1729 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills. public.
A man from Jowai who knew Dr Arvind Phookan, a chemical engineer of the Jaesoph Company who built the Umiam Dam (now retired abroad as a retired professor abroad), immediately phoned me to write that Phookan was afraid.
Besides allowing women to vote in any election, they should also be allowed to contest elections to be elected so that democracy will be strengthened.
They spend lakhs of rupees to treat them and have to try dozens of times until their children agree to be treated in special places or to take medicines or to give up these drinks altogether. .
According to him, Roshan had promised to help send the seven children of Setmon Phawa to school but nothing has been done yet.
The court also took the photographs published in the newspapers in the past few days regarding the condition of the Jowai Bypass road despite the fact that the PWD (Roads) has already repaired it. street.
Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, CVD Diengdoh and other state government officials were present at the meeting.
Dates for street meetings to explain to the public on CAB in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs. 6.12.2019 – Rynjah & Pynthorumkhrah.7.12.2019 – Umlyngka & Jaiaw.9.12.2019 – Nongthymmai & Mawiong Umjapung. Bus Driver.
The truck was coming from Assam to load petrol and diesel to Mawlai.
However, this decision of the government has caused some Bangladeshi filmmakers and producers to be unhappy and decided to ban Bollywood films.
“It is on this basis that a search operation has been conducted and an employee of the Council has been arrested from the office of the Syiem of Mylliem and an investigation is underway,” he said.
Don't be tempted.
At the same time, he said the government can seek assistance from other sources such as the Indian Oil Corporation but the government will look into this if necessary.
The DC said that the delay in the bills is due to the leave of the officers in charge.
He said that as Maieit Hoping said, even if no one votes for him, the angels from heaven will come down to support him.
Johnson Lyngdoh said that it is an honor for the region that a woman from the most remote areas has been elected to this position especially as the Khasi community is a small community in India. and the multitude came into the world.
Regina Lamo will work with filmmaker Kenny Lyngdoh.
Leaders of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) in the presence of Sordar Chestarwell Sohtun visited the village.
(i)Roads and highways (ii) decent housing (iii) affordable rent (iv) adequate water supply and electricity (v) food and drink through ration shops and other (vi) public transport (vii) cleanliness of the community and provision of garbage dumps (vii) rest areas for all to use equally and public places to hold performances, concerts and beer.
Dohdong said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong has urged the people to eat only rice and jhur and therefore the Seng would like to request Prestone Tynsong and Conrad Sangma. that they should not give jhur, because the people, because they have no money to buy jhur, and that it is easy to speak freely, but to help is difficult.
The Mawlai resident, who led the Meghalaya Police, finished in 39 minutes, 42 seconds in the 10K race in the 50 to 59 age group.
In the places where they leave shrah, you will also find many jhur such as jarain, jali, jamyrdoh, batpyllon, siarkait, pashor kait and others.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, today inaugurated two new buildings in Pahamkroh village, which is located in the border areas and still falls under the Nongpoh Constituency.
Shortly after, police said, the resident received information from HDFC Bank, Rukmini Gaon Branch, Guwahati, that there was no one named Jayanta Bora working in the branch. Bank.
He said that the goal of the armed group is to claim that they are working for the people, but they shoot dead those who are illegal and demand money. Isn't this corruption?
Shillong, July 10: The Congress Women's Wing (WWW) in Meghalaya has demanded that the state government should not allow rapists.
His hat-tricks came in two overs where all three batsmen were dismissed.
The plants I want to write about in this article are krai, sohriew and dai.
The program was scheduled to be held at 1:00 pm, but due to the large number of people who attended the process, which was organized by the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep, the Governor said that the He was on his way out of his house and arrived at the scene at 3:30 pm.
Shillong, July 21: Three 65-year-old mothers from Kynroh village have been arrested for allegedly robbing them of their pension scheme. Atmosphere.
Khliehriat, Naitung 10: The East Jaintia National Council (ENC) on Saturday held a special program to mark the 9th Anniversary of the National Council (ENC). The program was held at Khliehriat West Community Hall where Bah Kyrmen Shylla, MLA of the area and Minister of State was the chief guest. Damewanhi Rymbai, President of the Jaintia Students Union, Jersom Shylla, Finance Secretary JSU, T. Mukhim, Finance Secretary T. Mukhim, JSU President of the EJNC, Bah Leningstar Rymbai, elders from various villages, youth members of the EJNC from various circles and units.
“This was stated by Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang while speaking at a public meeting held by the Mairang Block Congress Committee on 25th June 2023 at Mot Tirot Mairang Mission Square. thousand party supporters.
The Minister said that 628 people are in hospital of which 102 are in D-Category or undergoing treatment in ICU with gas cylinders while 227 people are undergoing treatment in ICU. There are 115 cases in C-Category, 115 cases in A-Category and 184 cases in B-Category.
On the other hand, the government said that as these households have not been allowed to register, it has requested a written statement from the owners of the households to submit to the government of India.
We must not forget that in the rule of law, the majority decides, if the Trai ri are many, the Trai ri will be decided by the Trai ri but if the foreigners are more than the Trai ri, the foreigners will decide the future of our State. .
“I submit the loan for approval within 59 minutes to you.
During police investigation, Marak confessed to killing the area commander on July 12 along with a GNLA member Mandal and two ULFA members Babul Sangma and Wakang Boro.
Speaking at the meeting, the speakers praised the EC under the leadership of Bah Ardent for doing many things for the people even though it has been only a few months.
The tournament will continue on Thursday when Risa Colony SC will face Mawlyngngad SC at 3:15 pm, Diengpasoh SC will face Mawkriah West SC at 4:45 pm.
Shillong, July 18: Five out of eight village leaders of Khlieh Umtrew-Tdoh Umsiang village in Mawhati constituency have been released from jail today, while two others are still in custody. they still have to provide the necessary documentation.
The deceased was identified as Kaushalya Ghatual (45).
“We have recorded many witnesses, those who went on duty on the day of the incident and also collected documents as evidence as well.
Many know how to honor Rymaw and many don't.
“When there is something, the TMC should find out the truth first and not give it without any reason. " said Mr. Tynsong.
“It is true that initially there was an intention to do so but after careful consideration we found that taking such a decision is a violation of the rights of those who study in these schools,” he said. you are Rymbui.
St Anthony's College, Shillong, Morningstar College and Seng Khasi College have won the NEHU Inter College Football (Men) Tournament 2023 which was held on Thursday at the SAI Stadium in NEHU. In the first match, St. Anthony's College, Nongpoh beat Ri-Bhoi College 5-0
They may be increasing, but we don’t know.
Shillong, July 14 : The Government of Meghalaya today launched the State Mental Health Helpline through – 14410, where the public can call for assistance when they encounter such problems. you are suffering.
“Any death is a tragic incident for us, and as the head of the institution, it is my responsibility to ensure that no patient dies, whoever can to heal.
And that is the inner meaning of democracy.
Selfishness will lead to a sad future, but love will shape a different and selfless future.
The participants were divided in this manner during the day to comply with the SOP social distancing rules.
Hercules Suting, General Secretary of the HYC Ri Bhoi District, has been arrested.
No it is not and it should not be accepted if someone misleads.
The CEM said that the KHADC has prepared the VAB since 2010 and in 2011 the opinions of the Syiems, Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs and even the Sengbhalang were sought.
Speaking on the reports that there are up to 8000 vacancies in the state, he asked the government why it does not recruit youth in these vacancies.
Bollywood actresses Anushka Sharma will take part in the Cannes Film Festival for her first time. Manushi Chillar will also take part in the festival. Estee Lauder, Sonam Kapoor, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and L'Oreal, Deepika Padukone and Priyanka Chopra.
The program was held at Nongrmai village, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, where the freedom fighter Phan Nonglait was born and raised.
All ration vendors have been directed to assist their ration recipients to register their Aadhar numbers.
The Prime Minister assured the people that the BJP government will bring about a better life, peace for women and employment for the youth.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The government's failure to formulate a mining plan has caused problems to the people in the state after the ban on coal mining in the state, said the BJP. FKJGP President Joe Marweiñ has demanded that the government should implement the laws to prevent the illegal entry of mynder into the state. They held a meeting with the government on 1st July to discuss the two bills, the Benami Transaction Prohibition Bill and the Residential Bill. Legislative Assembly of the State to get the approval of the House.
SHILLONG, Naitung 11: The state government has said that a small family (there are a few people) is happy and peaceful.
It is only in colleges and universities that teach English.
“To bring about cleanliness, to make our place visible, moreover, I urge the people to come and walk with dignity and to cooperate to maintain cleanliness,” said Lewis. .
The opposition also alleged that the VPP's action is just a ploy to win the MDC elections in
They believe that this initiative can contribute to peace and stability in the region and encourage positive change while respecting human dignity.
Alpine drivers Pierre Gasly and Esteban Ocon also collided.
Shillong, July 24: The Garo Forest Department has requested the Garo Students' Union (GSU) Mindikgre Regional Unit to deposit up to 10 lakh tyngka for the answer to the request. through the Right To Information (RTI) Act 2005.
They said that if the government does not show any signs of improving the road, the union will not hesitate to take another route.
Anyone can see and experience the truth in many families.
Two deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills and one from Ri Bhoi.
The issue of the Standard Operating Procedure for the operation of Cyber ​​Cafes in East Jaintia Hills District where all these Cyber ​​Cafes registered with the DC can operate only on the day and time specified. become the Deputy Commissioner.
“The talks are ongoing, it is not an easy issue but we are trying to work hard to find ways and means to reach an agreement on what we will put before them on the issue of bringing the railway. We hope that there will be an agreement and understanding regarding the introduction of the rail freight in the state," he said.
The Government is ready to provide subsidies/grants to those people who want to start their own businesses as a start-up fund for them.
In previous years, many Garo people have not been able to enter the country even though there is a special quota.
Ukraine's new Defense Minister, Rustem Umerov, has appealed to neighboring countries for assistance so that Ukraine can counter Russia's attacks.
In fact, those vehicles should be seized and thrown away and at the same time, fined heavily.
Shillong, Nailar 30 : The Social Welfare Department of the State has faced a serious problem as its budget has been empty to run the State Children's Homes for Women and Men in the State.
This elder concluded by asking God for help to escape from the bad habits of man and to turn away from evil.
Nongpoh: A group of motorcyclists, members of the Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA), on Saturday donated Christmas gifts to a household. Specially designed for a poor family in Umroi Nongrah, Ri Bhoi District.
Another order said that the house of Gulam Mustafa, (next to Rock Wood Compound), MG Road, Shillong, has been sealed since today.
The victim was taken to Silchar Medical College for treatment.
The C-Dome is part of the Iron Dome Air Defense System used by Israel to intercept and shoot down missiles that come from the sky without allowing them to hit. to reach the territory of Israel but to be destroyed only halfway by the power of these special security measures used by Israel.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has also announced and launched on youtube a special scheme, the Payment for Eco-System Services (PES). The assistance will be in the form of funds for land owners who have a forest area of ​​5 hectares or more and the assistance will be for all five years and the forest owners must to take responsibility for the management of the forests for three decades.
I just hugged him tightly, closed my eyes and prayed.
When they had rested, Radon took the Garo phan alive from the box to eat.
Wherever they walk, wherever they stand, they don't know whether they are men or women, they are like lights in the clouds, they don't know the night, they forget their homes, they don't know anymore. They have kept the name of the virgin, but in the life of happiness they have forgotten even their own family.
“We will write to the President and the Governor to take action against the VC for causing trouble at NEHU,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Nongtnger said the Shillong Traffic Police has been working hard since last year and has intensified the search operations on vehicles and motorcycles since July this year to immediately end the search operation. the use of modified silencers which produce a very loud noise and which is very disturbing to the passengers.
Increased stress can affect emotional and mental health such as poor concentration, poor digestion, anxiety, high blood pressure and infections. in terms of the health of the blood vessels.
They also alleged that the Public Hearing held on 23rd and 24th March was forcibly divided amidst the opposition of the people.
After the election campaign, the UDP candidate Morning Tympuin was accompanied by UDP Secretary Jemino Mawthoh, former FKJGP President Joe Marwein. Dr. Donkupar Roy and the supporters of the party.
Here is also a sign of the condition of Christians before entering the Last Days which the Bible foretells, that event is – there will be faithful Christians and unfaithful Christians. Compromising Christians and there are also Dead Christians.
After talking to the MDC of Bataw Lakadong Constituency, he said that he had not received any information before issuing the approval and he said that he will always be with the voice of the people, whatever the case. any form shall not appear if it is strongly opposed.
