He said that the MLAs have also suggested to the government to set up more rooms at the entry gates to the state so that more samples can be stored.
Now we are still receiving knowledge because there are teachers who have been persecuted; I am alive because I am dead.
Anyone who believes in any religion because of their birth, or the belief that they belong to any religion they like,” said Bah Shullai.
Therefore, the writing in textbooks and other sources that Meghalaya covers an area of ​​100,000 square kilometers and has a population of 100,000 people is an estimate.
What is more important is to judge them fairly and act accurately on solid grounds and facts.
The Rangbah Shnong of Jhalupara said that he wants the government to introduce a law against the illegal entry of foreigners. In this state, it will affect even those foreigners who were born and raised here in Shillong since the time of their ancestors.
The SDM in an order said that these employers have violated the provisions of the Child and Adolescent Labor Act, JJ Act and Bonded Labor System Abolition Act.
This happened when the nation regained its state of Israel in 1948 after the UN Partition Resolution on 29 November
Shillong, July 06: The Seng Khasi has praised Tarun Vijay MP of the BJP for coming to help them.
The competition will be held on 10th November at Tura, Nongstoin, 17th November, Jowai, 24th November, Nongpoh, 1st March and Shillong, 7th March The winner will be announced on the 8th of March
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah said that the Assembly Secretariat has nothing to do with the allegation that the contractor has awarded a sub-contract to build the new dorbar hall at Mawdiangdiang. the state government.
He insisted that only godless and lustful men of the flesh invite themselves and others to death and eternal destruction.
“I will look for more information on the increase in petrol prices,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03 : Various political parties are preparing to recall the demand for Inner Line Permit before Home Minister Amit Shah during his recent visit to Shillong.
The word 'khublei shibun' is translated into 500 tyngka.
Amlarem, July 06: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the Khaw under the PMGKAY Scheme for the month of June, 2022 has been released to all the households. under the NFSA (AAY & PHH) from 3rd June 2022 to 15th June
These include EJH: 1, EKH: 89, RBD: 12, SWKH: 7, WGH: 6, WJH: 6 and WKH:
However, the influx of tourists is very low at other times, especially during the rainy season, only about 10 tourists arrive per day and sometimes no one arrives, said Bah Hero and to Mr. Pius.
Why does this way of thinking change what our ancestors have taught us to have the spirit of giving or helping each other when we need any help and not just expecting others to do something? .
During a raid on the office of Assistant Ayan Sil, who is accused of corruption in the appointment of teachers, the CBI team confirmed that The inspection found that there has been a delay in the recruitment of teachers.
“Many development projects have been allocated by the government for this constituency but what we see is that there are no development projects that we have allocated,” he said.
Shillong, March 04: The Minister of Water Affairs of India, Arjun Ram Meghwal, today said that the pending projects and funds that have not been released from the Ministry of Water Resources in Meghalaya will be released. soon without any problems.
Ratan, who owns a large warehouse in Paltan Bazar, Shillong, said the reason for the sudden increase in prices of food items was the immediate implementation of the Goods and Service Tax (GST).
In the past 24 hours, there have been no new cases and no recoveries.
He said that in 2019, Assam came to build a road to Lapangap village which is above the tree planting area but the Meghalaya government did not do anything after being informed.
Total 375 cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in the state today, with 11 deaths and 2678 confirmed cases in the state. 1583 cases were reported from East Khasi Hills District alone.
There have been 3 deaths and 422 new cases of COVID-19 on Tuesday.
The union was also surprised to see another road around the village, which is about half a kilometer long from the PWD road, until it reached the house of the Rangbah Shnong. The road is not for the public, but only for the Rangbah Shnong because it ends exactly at the house of the Rangbah Shnong.
However, on the recent order of the High Court, it was seen that the government can no longer hide under the order of the court.
The speech will begin with the Chairman of the Union of Sengbhalang and Youth Associations, followed by the Chairman of the Rangbah Shnong of Nongstoin Town Area, the Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima, followed by the speech by the Government. The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills has been appointed.
Before the opening ceremony, a short meeting was held where the Chief Guest, Kong Rimaya Manner, congratulated the NCD and AYUSH for providing the best service to the patients.
He said the 509 square miles of forest area is the right of Mizoram and it is the area where Himanta wants to accommodate Bangladeshi refugees.
To punish according to the rules of law, such as spreading slander, harassing and disturbing the movement of citizens as defined in the Criminal Law Amendment Act,” said the statement. .
Besides banning heavy vehicles from passing through the bridge, heavy vehicles have also been banned from passing through the bridge at the same time.
Other speakers included Melajied Khonbuh, General Secretary KSU Nongtyngur Unit, Bah Iaraplang Tangsong, Rangbah Shnong of Nongtyngur Village, Babu Manuel Khonglamet, CRC Coordinator SSA Nongtyngur and others.
Furthermore, the electrification will improve the capacity of railways in the North East, along with the reduction of environmental pollution due to the transition from fossil fuels to electricity and the smooth running of railway operations in this region. the area will also grow well.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 08: The FKJGP Kyrdum Mawsikar Umbyrsit Unit on Saturday concluded the 1st Invitation Football Tournament 2022 which was held at Umwahlang Stadium in West Khasi Hills District.
The complaint is against the HSPDP for not giving ticket to Bah LG Nongsiej on the grounds that he is a member of the BJP. LG Nongsiej's membership in the BJP has been found true as his name has appeared in the list of BJP members released by the BJP office. Your membership number is 1066222868 and your address is Tbn L.Snaitang Upper New Nongstoin.
The Shillong Greenfield Airport is expected to be built by the airlines.
Your right pat is not working with your branch"
“VHP members who marched with arshakas once they reached Iewdak Laban stopped in front of Laban Presbyterian Church at 1 am and shouted 'Jai Sree Ram' and other slogans for about 10 minutes. “The church is still running and this has caused a stir among those in the congregation,” he said.
If it is in other states, the government will have to lose sleep because of the increase in poverty.
The suspects who are the owners and drivers of these trucks have been forced to appear after the police have already issued notices to them under Section 41A. Sper Ryngkhlem and driver Shnalad Dkhar (ML04 A 8668), Obet Nanglein (owner) and driver Kitlang Ryngkhlem (ML04 A 3024) and Meriful Ryngkhlem (owner) and driver Salandoo Pakyntein ( ML04 A 6665).
Then, you can pay up to Rs.700.00 (Three Hundred Tyngka).
The festival was held to showcase films related to the culture of the Khasi Pnar, Bhoi and Garo people as part of the preservation of special films for the minority community and also to encourage others to preserve their culture. culture and to showcase the talents of the talented people to create or make such films.
Mawryngkneng MLA David Nongrum said that the village also needs a Fire Brigade which does not exist yet and was welcomed by Vivek Syiem, SP (City) Shillong.
The rule of the king.
According to Latiplang, there are 3650 foreign licenses in East Khasi Hills, 766 in Ri-Bhoi, 268 in West Khasi Hills and 268 in South West Khasi Hills. 126 and in Transport 1574, but within a year it has been reduced in all districts to 248 including all districts.
Special recognition is one of the issues of debate not only in the legislature but also outside it.
They worship God in vain, they practice religion only to be seen by men, but the truth is not in them.
Furthermore, the Cabinet also discussed the renaming of the Lady Hydari Park.
Syntar said the synsar cultivation was started by former Nongstoin MLA E Iawphniaw who was a government minister in the past years and he gave grant assistance to the farmers at that time.
Her sons were moved with pity and said.
“The main cause of this incident (shooting death of four persons in Mukroh) is a border dispute.
“From KHADC we have come to see the welfare of the people.
Jowai: Police in West Jaintia Hills District have seized T.2 lakh 18,000 from two vehicles including the Fortuner of Ngaitlang Dhar. Ngaitlang Dhar, NPP candidate from Umroi, has placed No.72 vehicles at the end of all his vehicles.
This is what we are all looking forward to," he said.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 515 new cases and 5515 active cases in the State.
The incident happened at about 4 pm and after the earthquake lasted for a while, it was learned that two houses in the village have been affected by the earthquake. Fortunately, no one was injured in the incident.
“The decision of the people shows their will for the ethnic parties to form a government as only the UDP has 11 MLAs from Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
They also demanded to set up a place for the protesters in any part of Shillong as in other parts of the country.
Regarding the search of the man, it is also on the basis of an Ejahar lodged by the woman on 16-06-2022 by the woman from Myrdon Mawtari, Ri Bhoi, who lodged a complaint with the Umsning Police. Out Post.
The Lok Sabha passed the criminal laws including the Bharatiya Nyaya (Second) Amendment, the Bharatiya Citizen Protection (Second) Bill and the Bharatiya Sakshya (Second) Bill.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung, 05: The District Legal Service Authority (DLSA) in collaboration with the Labor Inspector, the District Protection Officer, Jakrem School. The World Day Against Child Labor was celebrated at the Hall of Jakrem Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Jakrem. .
According to the Center for Monitoring the Indian Economy, 78 million jobs were lost in the first three months of July 2020, the beginning of the pandemic, followed by 13 million jobs. , who were lost, in the second wave, which occurred in the last three months of July
The Sengbhalang together with the Rangbah Shnong and Village Leaders have decided that the Government or the office of the Deputy Commissioner should invite all the Village Leaders together with the Sengbhalang to discuss and discuss. Be careful about this trade, because to open the market will cause problems to the residents of War Jaintia and who will be responsible, if this COVID 19 virus reaches the border villages.
In his speech, he also welcomed the supporters of other parties from the HSPDP, NPP, PDF, BJP and Congress who came to join as full members of the UDP party. with a view to strengthening for the 2023 presidential election.
It requires the government to formulate a new policy to replace the old system after it has been in place so far.
“The government should ensure that the recruitment department is clean and impartial,” he said.
November came out.
The North East Electric Power Corporation Ltd (NELP) has received approval from the government to construct the Mawphu Hydropower Project Stage-II and has already implemented its works.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has made it clear today that World War III will be a nuclear war and will destroy the world. Russia will not allow Ukraine to deploy nuclear weapons in the country.
Thangsning SC beat Nongkrem SC 2-0 in the first leg while Jongksha beat Laitkor 3-0 in the second leg.
“My decision is based on the change of circumstances and now that I am with the NPP I want to stay with the NPP and my duty is to encourage the new leaders. I don't want to come into the world," he said.
To avoid these problems and to improve the spirit, a smile can bring about the best things for them.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The State Government has expressed its readiness to set up a mynder check gate at Byrnihat Railway Station, Ri-Bhoi District to remove the fear of the influx of foreigners.
At the same time, the DC urged the people to use their vote properly and the voters should go to the polling stations on the polling day to elect their leader. Parliament shall elect an MP who shall be elected to the Lok Sabha.
He appealed to the youth of Mawkyrwat and other districts who want to train themselves in these fields, KATCET has the opportunity to lead them to the National Institutions. Jammu and Kashmir, Uttarakhand, Shimla and two other places in the North East.
In the thought of the world, you will reach the tbian.
Besides, he said that it cannot happen in other places that the shops in Khyndai Lad will be closed, but the police should be provided to ensure the safety of the shopkeepers.
Furthermore, what is more shocking is that even those areas which have never been in conflict and which fall under Meghalaya, according to this soskular, have been decided to be given to Assam.
The request for permission to fly drones will be made in the areas of Gorakhnath Temple, farmland of Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Ltd, AIIMS, Railway Station, and areas within a distance of 2-km radius of Mahayogi Gorakhnath University, including Gorakhnath Arogyadham Balapar Sonbarsa, the order said.
Religious rituals, whether reading the scriptures, sprinkling holy water and other rituals, do not require touching the body of the deceased.
There must be something behind this dome.
In Dkhar, the seedlings from the hills and which are more than two inches tall are cut in half before planting.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of NFSA ration for the month of November in Khliehriat.
The closing ceremony was led by Morning Star Pasi President, Eugene Hinge Secretary in the presence of the youth and women of the village.
The residents of Syngku, when they were deeply saddened by the death of this young man, have also donated money, so that this young man can use it when he needs food to reach his home. village.
The group left on the 5th and will travel from Dawki to Sylhet, Dhaka and from Dhaka to Mynmensing to Tura until the 8th.
Nadia Esalan Kharkongor from Lawjynriew village has won the title of Ms and Mr. Nongthymmai beauty contest organized by Nongthymmai Sports & Cultural Club. celebration of the 75th Anniversary in the Club’s history taking place on January 13, 2023.
Chadhaury said that besides the synsar tax, they have also informed the minister to provide security at the Mawiong market, to improve the stalls, equipment at the market and others.
The UK buys the drug at a price of T.225 per bottle of injectable drug, while the US buys it at a price of T.301 per bottle, according to information. published by the British Medical Journal and both countries have paid the money directly to AstraZeneca.
However, the Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ruled that the certificate is meaningless as there may be more than 50,000 school children in Shillong alone.
“The MDA II government has now appointed them as Chairman and Vice Chairman of various departments.
He praised the author of the book even though it has taken many years to find out about the kur.
Shillong: A 46-year-old man has been arrested on Tuesday night after throwing stones at the residence of Minister of State Ampareen Lyngdoh in Laitumkhrah.
SHILLONG: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) has filed a petition in the Meghalaya High Court regarding the delay in payment of arrears to SSA teachers for five months. , from 1st November, 2016 to 28th June, 2017 for the year 2016-1
After a while, police seized the truck at Umling, while the driver of the truck was not arrested as he fled the scene.
Dominic Lyngdoh, who was charged under Section 185 of the Mawlai Traffic Branch Act, was also convicted and fined T.2000 tyngka and banned from driving for six months.
:Gracyl Ropmay, a singer from Meghalaya, has sung a song called “U Kune U Ksoh”. don't be with him forever.
Shillong, November 2: The BJP today released its manifesto for the mid-term MDC elections to be held in seven constituencies. Shibun Lyngdoh in the presence of other leaders of the party.
Neither is it just a way to employ party members in these positions.
Regarding the objective of eradicating drugs from the state, the government has decided to continue to take measures to eradicate drugs and arrest those involved in drug trafficking. .
This has increased significantly compared to the first phase, indicating that the government has taken up the second phase of cleanliness in a forward-thinking manner.
These departments should work hard to educate the people on how to improve agriculture and to help those living in the rural areas to explain that they should start farming with new methods and not just follow. the old way of cultivation.
Even now, even though we have more than two years left to reach the election year (2023), we have seen political changes in our state in many areas.
The meeting was conducted by Bah J Shylla, Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District in the presence of R. Brahma, EAC, Dr JN Shullai, Director of MCSWA. East Jaintia Hills by H.Nongtdu and others.
The union said that the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills has already provided all the necessary facilities for the construction of the school at Mawlangren which has been donated by the Hima Nongkhlaw on an area of ​​20 acres.
Nongstoiñ Cules FC won a cash prize of Rs 18,000 and Dangpyrshang FC won a cash prize of Rs 12,0
We are the ancestors of the future generation and we become ancestors only once and how can we put the position of the ancestors if we the ancestors don't have that way of thinking to pave the way for the better.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the views of all political parties have been included in the amendment to the Office Memorandum, which was issued in June
It may be recalled that the MLA has demanded that the speakers to the newspapers and writers should apologize within 48 hours otherwise he will issue a notice and take it to the Privilege Committee of the Assembly on the remarks against him. , which he said affected his personal longrynieng.
When we joined, they said that the UDP is the losing party but what we have now is that the UDP is the party to win and we will win and lead the government”.
It is to be recalled that Rgh Komik Khongjirem, Rangbah Duhalia, was responsible for leading the group to perform the skits during the Pomblang Nongkrem festival. , which was held once a year in the Hima Khyrim.
Earlier, the HSPDP West Khasi Hills and Mawthadraishan had announced that it had expelled Fenela from the party for supporting the UDP candidate in the last MP elections. The HSPDP Mawthadraishan has been confirmed on the 19th of this month.
Relatives and the villagers have tried their best to search for him, but he has not been found yet.
Romans 11:29-30.
Since 2004, it has been abolished, so those who want to leave the party, even if they have one third, can no longer, but will lose their MLA status if they leave.
Mancini, 58, served as manager of Manchester City between 2009 and 2013, where he managed to They won their first Premier League title in
Other shops include confectionery shops, cosmetics shops, baby items shops and LPG stations.
It is worth mentioning that the power outage has been increasing in these days across the country especially in the rural areas, where some villages have not received electricity for months.
Mbappe's record with Neymar from PSG is £200m after leaving Barcelona in January
“We have not been able to investigate him as he is still undergoing treatment,” said SP City Vivek Syiem.
“It is clear that at the time of appointment, January 1972, there was nothing on the Roster System, but the State Government has issued the Roster System until May 2022, from now on. The date shall be determined by the Roster System.
Bah Donboklang Mountain.
Baghpat: Nine persons have been arrested in Baghpat, western Uttar Pradesh, for allegedly robbing the graves of people who died of coronavirus and others and stealing belongings. they are not remdor, who are in this body.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Rowel said, “The protest is always there once it appears in the newspapers because there may be MLAs who express it because in public administration it is the protest. They have the right as MLAs to express their views on any issues.
Regarding the incident, they said that they have already informed the Superintendent of Police of Ri Bhoi and the BDO of Umsning, who is also the Border Magistrate, to take action against the incident. role.
When she saw that Bahnah wanted to know too much, she said, “Ap Bahnah, I'll tell you later... “Yes, I really want to know why they talk like that even in front of you brother.
AT THE foot of this mountain: At the foot of this mountain there are the villages of Mawbidong, Manad, Lummawbah, Pyndenlyngdoh, the Um-ngi River, the Um-it River, many small rivers, the farmland of this Dongriwar and the story. (history) This is a very interesting ancient mountain where society has existed since the beginning until today.
The office bearers of the committee include Bah Eddie G. Kharbani as Chairman, Bah D. Ryntathiang Chairman Umsning Town Durbar as Adviser, Bah B. Kharshiing as Secretary; Bah R.Marwein as the speaker along with the members who are also the Rangbah Shnongs of the area.
“At the same time, he said that they are grateful for the support they have received from the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangam and the Minister of State, Bah Shakliar Warjri. has now begun to show the fruit.
For as in those days which were before the flood they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noah entered into the ark, Ark).
Kevin Siangshai (20) and Risalan Kynjing (52) scored 10 goals each.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that the state has so far recorded 416 cases of Covid-19 and 70 recoveries. from this disease.
These six persons are from Pdengshakap, Amlarem, Pynthorlangtein and Ribhoi.
The attempt by some RSS leaders to remove the word secular from the Constitution of India is one of the most obvious issues.
KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has decided to stand firm on the same ground to oppose the government's plan.
He said that the Pnars of Raliang district have also killed at least 44 men and women in the fighting.
Commenting on the fact that the Congress party has become weaker with the passing of the days, Jemino said that in the last MLA elections, the Congress had five MLAs including only four from Khasi-Jaintia and four from Khasi-Jaintia. The NPP won 8 MLAs from Garo, the VPP 4, the HSPDP 2 and the UDP 12 MLAs. The UDP won the most seats in Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
“Until now, we have not seen any signs that the state government has taken action to remove or remove the outpost,” said the San Shnong leaders in a letter sent to the MLA Mowkaiaw on Saturday. .
“Among many other problems, the shortage of staff is one of the biggest factors affecting the work in the health department,” said Tsering.
On the other hand, the BSF said that a similar incident occurred on July 5 at the same place where the BSF seized clothes worth T 1 lakh tyngka. The wicked threw stones at the soldiers until one of the soldiers was wounded in the head.
In the rynsan saiñ kingdom, many of them are like children.
The approval of the second trip abroad will also depend on whether the report is satisfactory.
Besides the office bearers, Executive Members were also elected from various villages including Sohra, Pynursla, Mawkynrew, Mawryngkneng, Sohryngkham, Mylliem, Nongkrem and others.
They will be accompanied by Chief Coach Vijay Sharma and other senior officials during the 65-day training camp.
Sohra has been the capital since the time of the British rule.
He congratulated the Seng and especially the Research Cell for taking this step to investigate this work in Nongwar by wasting their time and energy without any loss to themselves. as servants but only to serve their fellowmen.
In the past few days, when this reporter visited the area, it was found that the area is still very backward.
Therefore, it is not true that the government has not done anything, whether it is through the infiltration check gates, the measures taken by various departments to find these people and repatriate them.
Not only that, the Central Government should also give more powers and freedom to the Autonomous District Councils to work together with the Village Authorities.
Those who violate this order will be punished according to the provisions of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and the IPC. About 113 residents have been affected by this disease and 7 precious souls have died as a result.
All these have deprived the woman of sleep and the company has been forced to mine and mine this nuclear power in 2002 they started to buy this woman and her family for. 45 crore, but this woman refused and said that ......... money cannot give freedom to her soul.
IS THERE ANY BOdy THAT I CAN CONTROL IN MY OWN POWER?????"For that reason, I am grateful to the Creator.
They left their home in the morning in their own Maruti Car to Shillong, but at 9 pm police found their bodies.
“The Prime Minister has written that he does not know the assets of his wife.
He said their ability to serve and keep the light shining has been the greatest blessing that the community has experienced.
“Our fundamental rights are being violated and will be violated,” said the East Shillong MLA.
According to reports, a Manhattan court has sentenced an Indian man suspected of involvement in the plot to assassinate a Sikh leader. The US agency said Gupta had links to CC-1, and said the Indian was involved in drug trafficking and illegal arms trafficking. and it is suspected that he was involved in the assassination of the New Yorker.
To initiate all of that is up to you, the citizens.
The committee has made it clear that it will support Bah Marwei, who is the candidate of the UDP, said a statement from Bah WG Dkhar and Bah C Nongbri Secretary of JAC South Lyngngam. Border Area, as decided at the public meeting held on 26th July
Referring to the border settlement between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam, so far the settlement is only seven places.
The order also prohibits the quarrying of shyiap, tip maw from Wah Myntdu and this order will not come into force immediately.
He also urged to ensure 100 percent Aadhaar enrollment so that there will be no counting of the share that the beneficiaries should receive.
Afterwards, the stars left for Haridwar to throw their medals into the Ganga.
Synrem said that the mismanagement of the Saubhagya scheme in the awarding of contracts to companies is more than 50% and this mismanagement has caused a loss to the state which has reached Rs. Rs.149 crore.
For example, if you have to remember the Year of World War II (1939-1945) it is easy to compare it with the Year of India's Independence (1947).
“However, we hope to be able to implement this food scheme by October this year,” said Clement.
Only those who were buried near the Dorbar Hall were found, while none were found near the owner of the forest.
The Chief Secretary, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also the MLA of Nartiang, inaugurated the 3rd Sniawbhalang Dhar Football Tournament 2023 which was held at the Mini Stadium Wahiajer on Monday.
It has never been heard that other state governments or other courts have done this in any part of the country.
They also strongly criticized the three leaders from West Khasi Hills, for their lack of attention to convey this demand to the government which they went to support.
Therefore, according to the order, it is prohibited for anyone to try to harvest or harvest shyiap from the area without a license from the relevant authorities and those who fight against it will be treated as violators of the law.
Police said some people tried to stop vehicles in Dausa, Ajmer and Karauli districts.
Louis Weisz, one of the most popular YouTubers, used the technique of cooking chicken until it was cooked and ready to eat.
At the same time, he said that the mining of khnai, has also its benefits, because man, mines small holes and digs only in the areas where there is coal and “It is from this crematorium, where even today, the coal is still in the Sohra area,” he said.
“What is the responsibility of the BJP that what happened in Assam on the attack on Christians will not happen in Meghalaya and other Christian states?” she asked.
However, the Life Insurance of India, one of the companies that submitted the tender for the implementation of the scheme, has been rejected for failing to provide the documents requested by the company. government.
“I have lived in the city for at least nine years.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, on Tuesday said that although the number of cases in the state has decreased, the department cannot count sting and the department has been which is prepared to fight the fourth phase of the pandemic, if it strikes again.
Vincent H Pala said that during the visit of the Minister of Home Affairs to the state, the state government has spent tens of crores of rupees during the visit of the Minister of Home Affairs. The Union Minister has said that the BJP government in power in the Union Government does not believe in the security measures and other benefits to the Union Minister. They believe only in their own party and the state government itself shows that it is afraid of the central government.
On the other hand, Bah Marlam Kupar Kharmudai DPM of MBDA said that the Basin Department is doing its utmost to provide assistance to the farmers so that it will benefit the people who live by farming. riang, and today they were able to hand over various jhur seeds to these two IVCS so that these members of IVCS who are farmers can cultivate after harvesting the rice.
After a thorough discussion, Dr. Boss L. Marthong, who is also a member of the Khasi Traditional Medicine Commission, agreed to cooperate with the scientists in testing various herbal medicines. through chemical analysis of plants to detect all the medicinal properties of plants.
How can people who do not speak their mother tongue be employed? If it weren't for other states, even the job seekers would have been driven home from the hospital.
About four members of the NGO Coordination Committee have been in New Delhi to meet with the election officials to demand that the polling day be changed in Mizoram.
Shillong, Nailar 12 : The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) today announced that it may withdraw from the ongoing peace talks with the UNFC. The Central Government as well as the State Government following the Government's restriction and prohibition to lay flowers at the grave of former Seng leader, Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on the second anniversary of his death.
A child has lost his life while the mother of the child has been rescued from a house in Madanryting.
The Government will also renew the license of kyiad factories but will increase the tax on kyiad to increase exports to the state.
“I will plant these trees so that my children can eat them,” replied Ma Rishon with a happy and smiling face. Let us expect that many Ma Rishon Shylla will appear in this country.
“However, they have more serious mental illness than other women who work in lower positions and have responsibility for their jobs and household chores. not sem" added the scientists.
“The demands are to strengthen the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873,” said Jyrwa.
Shillong, Naitung 16: KSU Laskein Circle under the leadership of Vice President Samla N.Sutnga and General Secretary Samla Leningrad Tariang on Tuesday held a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of the area. Pangam Raliang (or block 1) at Mowjem village (about 20 KM from Sahsniang) in the area for the purpose of discussing to bring peace and stability in the area and especially to discuss the issue of to unite the lands of the Khasi Pnar and to preserve the dates of the ancestors.
On the railway, the CEM said the EC has decided not to approve the Meghalaya government or the central government to introduce railways, whether freight or passenger trains.
Exodus 3 and 4 tell of Moses' call and determination to fight and lead a group of slaves to freedom in the land of Canaan.
The purpose of the climb is to encourage and pray to God to protect the country from the dangers that threaten to destroy this country. .
Police were deployed to check the two wheeler on Tuesday evening, when Pasha and Suhail went to take the vehicle. They left, the police followed and arrested them.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Mawhati constituency, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, on Tuesday urged the people of Mawhati to support the NPP. At Madan Mawhati, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, urged the people of Mawhati to support the NPP at this juncture, so that the Mawhati area will get many more development projects in different villages. within this Constitution.
The venue will be at the Mawkadiang Football Ground.
This was announced by Bah Really Nongspung, Secretary of the Village Council.
The party has also received the recognition or register from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
On this Bill, I strongly oppose, because for me alone, I feel that our male kurs should also be allowed to develop their kur and jaid if they have the ability.
Furthermore, in a newspaper article, Pastor Kyrsoi wrote that with the largest amount of money from the fund for the relief of the victims of the earthquake in Ri Khasi in 1897, Dr Roberts had donated The construction of the Hospital in Jaaw began in
The producer of the film has also informed the public that the deadline for the completion of the film at Bijou will be on the 17th of this month.
So King Wickliffe went with his men to stand there.
Those who used to go to work in the morning and buy food in the evening.
It is also believed that men in China may be weaker, as many are heavy smokers and alcoholics.
It is to be recalled that the MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, has come to clarify the allegation against him by the Sordar Shnong of Patharkhmah. The rally was held on 30th July at Patharkhmah, but at this rally, it was alleged that u The Sordar Shnong of Patharkhmah has criticized the MLA of Jirang Constituency for the issues related to the border settlement between the Meghalaya and Assam governments.
“If other parties come, they may be willing to stand against the BJP but we have witnessed that the NPP will not be willing because in 2018 the NPP-led state government was against CAB but in Delhi. “Agatha Sangma, MP of the NPP, supports the enactment of the CAB and we foresee that this will happen again to the UCC which the BJP is waiting for,” he said.
In the second half, the match became more interesting and entertained the crowd.
The Court also said that it found that many of the buses used to transport the people were damaged and thrown away in many places.
Thank you once again, Long live Sengbhalang, Long live Hynniewtrep.
In the second innings, South Garo Hills beat East Garo Hills by 95 runs.
As the investigating police, they need to find out the true nature of the child and the reason why he/she committed the crime.
Sources said that the movement of trucks carrying goods from the village roads poses a threat to the villagers as the road is small and weak to support heavy trucks.
Through speeches or parables people express their feelings, and especially in an age or kingdom when there is a tyrannical rule and a violent, killing and oppressive rule, the citizens when they are afraid to speak against the rulers, and speak in parables.
At the same time, she said that the students of this state although they are the ethnic minorities who have received special privileges but they should not wait for that privilege in this age of education and competition but they should stand firm and try. all the power to fight with others.
She said that the records have been found in a book written by Bah WL Lyngdoh, IAS, entitled 'Meghalaya Social and Economic Review' In 1972, the land area of ​​the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills District was 14,405 Acres.
Jowai, Jymmang 03: The office of the General Manager, District Commerce & Industries Centre, Jowai invites all to attend the District Level Industrial Exhibition, two (2) days exhibition to be held on the 7th of this month. 8th June, 2024 at the ground floor of the office of the General Manager, Mihmyntdu, Jowai.
Ko bah Hek, tell me where this virus originated and have you translucent this virus...it's nearly 2 yrs no one nor the WHO has come up with this years.
Although it is not yet clear who will be elected, it is learned that the UDP leaders do not want to split just for the post of president and want to have unity if anyone is elected.
Before the donation, a meeting was held by W Lyngdoh, Chairman, Indian Red Cross Society.
Speaking on the progress of NeIPS, he said, “There were some youths who were involved in crime, but when they came to find their way back to this place, now they have been able to do “Our school has a special goal for young people who come from poor families, but who want to work in the field. I'm not going to jhur"
Especially now, as soon as it started, it has been divided into four or five lyngkhot, so this has lost the confidence of the people and it will take time for it to get the support of the people of the state and the region as a whole.
In these days, there have been many reports that many MLAs especially from Jaintia Hills have been in talks to join the BJP after the future of the Congress party is in doubt.
The land, the language and the identity are the three main issues that the Jaitbynriew Hynniewtrep must fight for.
He also has the amazing ability to recognize the diseases in the body of people just by looking at their faces. “You have gastric disease, take this medicine, come to the place where I treat people and I will give you more medicine,” he said. to the reporter because he really has gastric disease, and then he said 'you lack vitamins'
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has expressed its deep concern over the increasing number of deaths of prisoners in police custody. because of the stinginess of the police.
C Clean the injured areas with soap and water for about 10 minutesC Remove the sati, bandages if there is an injury to those partsC If there is a scar on the injured parts, clean/cut them, but thou shalt not take them away.
He said that if the people allow him as a leader and if they elect him, he will fight first to solve such problems that the constituency is facing and he will fight hard. He said that the people of Nongstoin and WKH need to solve these problems and if they need this mid-term election is the time. for the benefit of the people of Nongstoin and the District as a whole.
It must also find solutions to deep-rooted problems in the health services in the country such as inter-provincial disparities and urban-rural disparities, shortage of healthcare providers , shortages in hospital facilities between districts-I, II and III. In relation to all these, the provision of health facilities to all has changed.
“We have seen how Chairman and Adviser are appointed these days by those who have lost the elections.
He said that the patient has been suffering from tumors in both her legs since she was 23 years old but four years ago she was able to remove the tumor on both sides of her legs. She was admitted to the hospital after suffering from anemia and received four blood transfusions inside the hospital. She was discharged on the 8th of this month.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Geological Survey of India (GSI) has appointed a number of drivers of a vehicle and found that it was filled with foreigners.
Doctor Lyngwa, while explaining on this occasion, said that there are many people who look down on those with mental disabilities, thinking that they are stupid or stupid.
One of the prophets used to tell about the earthquake and some of his prophecies came true and so many people believed and listened carefully when he told.
Sattar, who is an MLA from Sillod, said he had left the Congress party and thus taken all his leave.
“If the Reservation Policy is changed, it will not benefit many people because only a few government jobs will be available,” he said. “It's not more than 500 government jobs vacant in a year while those who are looking for jobs have reached lakhs,” he said.
It is worth mentioning that this is the first time in Meghalaya to be conducted in Government health centers by government doctors and with the success of Shillong Civil Hospital has emerged as one of the best health centres. to the people who are sick.
Earlier, the Minister said that a team from the Taj came to inspect the maintenance and gave some instructions that need to be implemented.
The EJNC leader urged Bah Kyrmen Shylla to create special opportunities for the talented youth to develop their talents and also to find ways and means to help. Therefore, I would like to invite the youth to showcase their talents, because at present there are still too few opportunities for the youth to showcase their talents.
Speaking to reporters, Nongrum said, “Enough is enough. The Government should take action within 15 days, because we want to see the work going on.
Commissioner of Taxation while talking to Rupang today.
If one inheritance does not have a house foundation, it will follow another inheritance and it will never end because over the years, the value of the land has increased.
The death toll has risen to 10 today in clashes between supporters and opponents of the CAA in Delhi.
These 51 villages have been delivered to all the Dorbar Shnongs who have distributed these foodgrains to the people.
The Seng has distributed food items including rice, wheat and piat to these vendors.
“We will discuss this issue before meeting the CM again,” he said.
In 2009, four candidates contested from Tura constituency, Agatha Sangma from the NCP, Deborah C Marak from the Congress, Boston Marak from the ANC(D) and Arlene N Sangma from the independent constituency.
When asked whether there is any agreement that if the NPP wins more seats in Khasi-Jaintia, he will become MR and if he wins more seats in Garo, Prestone said he will not. There is no prior arrangement but it will be up to the newly elected MLAs to take a decision.
Also present on the occasion was Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar President of the KSU as the Chief Guest. state to the people who are not outside the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
However, we have not been able to turn these into votes and the people have not won many votes for us,” he said.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home (Police) Prestone Tynsong in reply to a Call Attention Notice by the UDP MLA from Nongpoh Constituency Mayralborn Syiem in the Legislative Assembly. State on Friday.
Also present on the occasion were Senior Medical Officer, Tura Dr Roger Marak, teachers, parents, students, officials and staff of the District Sports Officer, Tura and the residents.
He asked whether the state government has consulted with the central government on the rules of the peace talks as these minor incidents can affect even the peace talks.
Bah Ardent has already proved himself in the courts that he is a clean person, free from corruption.
“Whether the state government decides to ban or not, the central government does not want to interfere,” he said.
Pyndap Lamin scored 75 runs (8×4 and 5×6) while Chanmiki Ryngkhlem and Lekini Jat took three wickets each for Hills United Cricket Club.
However, before and after the pandemic, although the MDA government has had the opportunity to prove itself to the people how to increase income, it has been disappointing especially for the youth and teachers who are looking for jobs. .
Meghalaya beat Arunachal by eight wickets in Group-A today. However, with the victory of Manipur, Arunachal's journey in the tournament has come to an end.
On the other hand, the SP has warned the residents not to buy old vehicles without proper verification and said that they expect that in the future they will be able to seize more vehicles. .
Zonobia L.Nonglait, comes from a poor family, but her talent still leads her despite the hardships and hardships.
He said he did not want to point fingers at anyone but the promises were not fulfilled.
The incident occurred at 8:30 or 9 pm.
It is worth mentioning that Salseng C Marak is the Prime Minister whose term lasts for five years, but other Prime Ministers will be able to end their term of five years and the government will fail only by them. 2 and 3 years.
He said that the training center for health workers will help in providing skilled health workers.
Mars is said to be dry and waterless, but it has been found that in one place, known as the Jezero Crater, there was once a 1,600-foot (500-meter) deep lake.
The office bearers of the block AITC were also elected and members were admitted to the party at a meeting held at Laskein.
Police who have misused their power should also be punished for violating the law.
Jowai, July 06: U Bah Pynshngaiñ N. Syiem, Working President of the MPCC, while speaking at a public meeting of Nehemayah Tyngkan at Iooksi West Jaintia Hills, on Tuesday said that the party has no problem with the party. Congress on this occasion to form a government that will provide the best services to the people of the State.
Tura, November 01: The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma today inaugurated the Civil Cub Division at Dalu and the C&RD Block at Purakhasia.
When we see the blind, especially in busy places and places where they have to cross the road, let us ask them if they need help.
Sangma said the protest will continue until the goal is achieved. At the public meeting, he said that the rulers and all the people of Lum Garo will be made aware that Lum Garo needs to Garo Land for the benefit of the people.
Revelation 12:6
Therefore, let us discuss here the power of this Buit.
Rijiju said he would discuss the issue with the Home Minister today and brief him on the situation in Assam and Meghalaya. “It's a good idea to rebuild what's been lost,” said Rijiju.
Shillong, July 12: A meeting of Bangladeshi and Indian officials today in Shillong; They decided to strengthen and improve relations between India and Bangladesh.
The well is known as the Chibe River and during the dry season it was found that this stream is not dry and can meet the water requirement through this scheme up to 8,33,335.00 liters. ten days.
Donbok said that the employees within the District Council are doing nothing and it shows that the employees are not doing anything despite the large number of employees.
Other speakers included Principal Secretary for Forest MS Roa, PCCF Sunil Kumar and others.
According to the BJP President, talks with these MLAs are ongoing with the BJP and they will wait for the time when they will announce.
Seven persons have been arrested including Julius Dorphang.
Many sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) have been charged against the HYC leader. It is only a way to intimidate the leaders of the party and also the members of the party, especially at this time when the entire nation is in the midst of the struggle against the CAA and also to demand its immediate implementation. The ILP has been passed by all 60 MLAs of Meghalaya.
He said that the Central Government will approve the amendment of the Sixth Schedule to strengthen the powers of the councils.
However, those who saw it were sure it was a PPE suit and immediately alerted the health workers and the medical staff rushed to snatch the suit from the man, ha and they burnt it there near the house.
Shillong, October 17: The Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) on Thursday ordered that Dhanwan Singh Ma, who is close to CM Jha, be questioned by the police for nine days.
The MLAs also visited the T-HUB, the public-private startup ecosystem of the Telangana government, and the Telangana State Integrated Command and Control Centre, which is the most unique in the country.
Today, the humidity in Shillong was 76 percent in the morning and 81 percent in the evening.
Since 1988, the party has opposed the Government's attempt to destroy the jaidbynriew and will continue to oppose until the Government thinks again to introduce strong laws to protect us,” said the statement. It is to be recalled that the Government had tried to implement this project from Tetelia to Byrnihat but the union had thwarted this project by strongly opposing and suspending this project in 2016,” he said.
The authorities, as part of ensuring the provision of food items to be distributed to the children, have continued to monitor the implementation of the managers and supervisors in this regard.
Mr. S.Pdang, Public Prosecutor, District and Sessions Court, East Jaintia Hills was the chief guest in the presence of Dr.D.Shylla, Dr.J.Nongtdu. , Medical Officer in-charge Opioid Substitution Therapy Centre, Khliehriat and others.
The government's expenditure for this purpose has reached T.40.29 crore per annum.
First, he gave a speech on the destruction of the environment especially in Pynursla.
Many of the speakers at the meeting demanded that the government should immediately pay the salaries of the workers, revive the old factory which has now closed down and to expedite the commissioning of the new plant, which they later decided to give till July 10th.
With this victory, these three schools will be ready to represent the District at the State Level which will be held this month by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs.
On the other hand, the four organizations also reminded the DC to take action on this issue and also to expedite the work, where the four organizations will also monitor this.
Bah Kurkalang said that in the last four months, the STA has been sitting idle without doing its job until the drivers and owners of commercial vehicles have suffered.
They are contractors and work at a low level within government departments by providing services in cleaning and maintaining roads in various villages, cooking lunch and other jobs, but these employees Although their income is low, they have the spirit of giving and have set a good example for others to follow, especially those who are rich in income to have the spirit of giving and to Help the government or unions that work or serve to help the poor and needy to improve the society in times of crisis.
Through NI-KSHAY MITRA, the aim is to provide food support, education and treatment to the patients.
The demand was expressed by the leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Lapangap in the presence of the Border Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Kong B Blah, DSP Bah M Marngar and leaders of three KSU organizations. , FKJGP and JSM in the presence of Border Magistrate of West Karbi Anglong District Mongwe Enghi and DSP Nayan Moni Barman.
Initially, Meghalaya lost their first wicket in the first over, but after that, Meghalaya held their batsmen for 10 overs.
NEUFC have topped the top four after beating Odisha FC 3-1
Shillong: After the enactment of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA), the KSU South Central East Circle, Pynursla in collaboration with the HNYF Pynursla Unit, FKJGP Riwar Circle and HYC Pynursla Unit, have held a public hearing on the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA). around the villages of Riwar area on the threat of this Act and the urgent need to implement the ILP or Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation Act 1873 throughout the state.
The Minister also gave the count of trucks from 2014 to 2017, at Byrnihat 2,94,522, Athiabari 18,652, Umkiang 26,765 and Dainaduba 34,5 twenty trucks in motion.
According to the Meghalaya Reservation Policy, there is no reservation for Scheduled Caste people.
The rain is the most difficult time, it is the greatest tribulation such as has never happened since the beginning of the world, and will never happen again.
These areas include Langpih in West Khasi Hills, Borduar, Nongwah-Mawtamur, Deshdoomreah, Block-II in Ri Bhoi District and Block-I, Psiar-Khanduli in West Jaintia Hills District.
In the women's category, Lynette Mylliemngap of Mawlai Motsyiar Youth Association won the Promising Player title while in the men's category, Donboklang Marbaniang of Mawlai Motsyiar Youth Association won the title of Promising Player. Samla Mawlai Motsyiar who received the award with a cash prize of 2000 thousand tyngka.
This kindness of the Khasi man to the Dkhar mother, later, led him to ask for the right of the Dkhar young woman to marry her in peace and understanding.
From Tura, the NPP candidate will win 18 out of 24 MLAs and even the Independents will work with the NPP. win again this time," concluded Rakkam.
“We appeal to the jaidbynriew that we should not be afraid to fight only for ourselves but to work hard and be able to fight with others in the General List. education has been able to move ahead of others," he said.
Shillong: BSF troops together with Pynursla Police today arrested three persons with WY Tablets worth 60 lakh tyngka and 10 gm of heroin worth 50 thousand tyngka from Pomsutia. hap in Pynursla.
“There are many problems and difficulties if the UCC is implemented because when these laws are implemented all the existing laws will die but only one law will be implemented from Delhi in relation to marriage. , inheritance, religion and many others, for that reason as a nation we feel that we cannot accept this," he added.
P Marvein.
With the participation of the farmers, this program was a success in which the farmers were able to receive training on how to cultivate and market Large Cardamom (Elaichi).
“It is up to the government whether to continue or stop the violence,” the GNLA said in a statement on Thursday.
This road has been constructed with the initiative of Bah Sanbor to follow up and implement this scheme.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 13: Members and leaders of the JNC Sumer Circle under the leadership of the President of the Circle, Bah Sakilan Chyrmang today visited the people of Sumer area who held a rally near the Rimanar Bridge. On the other hand, the union strongly warns against the heavy vehicles carrying excessive loads passing through this bridge which is a damaged bridge.
However, all the villages in this sector should be included in Meghalaya.
In a sign of protest against the BJP, the party has thrown a portrait of Narendra Modi and BJP President Amit Shah along with slogans and slogans condemning the BJP. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has commemorated the 75th Anniversary of the Quit. India Movement.
The Government is looking into the possibility of setting up more Government agencies as blocks to bring services closer to the people,” he said.
Shillong: Today, 10th November 2020, there have been 67 cases of COVID-19 in the state and 129 recoveries per day.
We are still providing all the necessities and we cannot call or do anything,” he said.
“It is up to the government whether it wants to allow us to return to peace or to continue the bloodshed,” said Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary, HNLC. It does so, and it is the right to do so but only to the Dkhars and Khasi Shet.
According to him, as a result, electricity consumers have had to pay more than the factories.
The decision for the march was taken after a meeting held by the JYF today in the presence of other Sengbhalang groups.
Chief Justice of the High Court Meghalaya Sanjib Banerjee said, “If we are intelligent, we cannot fight against nature. siej and wild animals.
Remember that Sutnga District is against Sengbhalang and now it has created and produced those Sengbhalang Sutnga. What is this? Sutnga District to stop sinew activities within Sutnga District.
If it has been done only in Bhoi, why not in other areas and districts of Khasi Hills, especially those who face the same problems, ethnic discrimination?
“The holding of the Cabinet meeting to discuss, take decisions and the announcement by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the media was also illegal, as it is a violation of the Constitution. order of the Court".
Speaking as the chief guest, Ms Ampareen Lyngdoh said that blood donation is good, and it doesn't have any harm but it saves many lives. to donate one's own blood without fear, because blood donation not only saves the life of the patient but also improves the blood donors to replenish their bodies with clean blood. be strong in spirit to play chess and donate blood.
Regarding the demand of the Mukroh Dorbar Shnong to remove the forest beat house of the Assam government from Mukroh, the Chief Minister said he would take the matter to the Chief Minister of Assam.
Police said the driver of the Mahindra fled the scene and has not come out of the Beat House since the incident.
Sub-Inspector, Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah W. Lato, spoke on the provisions of the NDPS Act 1985 which are the provisions of the NDPS Act types of legal penalties for those who fall under the NDPS Act.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said that this is not a new thing but it is the need to appoint a Symbud Myntri Rangbah from Jaintia Hills. Bah Sniawbhalang Dkhar as the Symbud Chief Minister.
According to sources, the landslide occurred last night due to heavy rainfall and the road collapsed at Urpamra.
Up to 99% of teachers who participated in the survey agreed to ban the use of tobacco by schoolchildren and 91% of teachers wanted to ban the sale of tobacco altogether.
The North East is India's gateway to South-East Asia and elsewhere: President Kovind.
The state has 7,600 cases of covid-19 and is the state with the highest number of cases.
Among the men who came first were Badon Singh Tham, Lauren Pariong and Pynshngaiñlang Dkhar.
This good news has begun to revive the education of the youth so that they can once again drink the fountains of knowledge.
Shen, Delhi will soon pass the Uniform Civil Code to make India one country, one religion, one language in the whole country. pass has Parliament.
In the first half, Pahamrioh FC took the lead by scoring 10 goals and lasted until the end of the first half.
In his speech, the Chief Guest gave many information on the entrepreneurship opportunities through the Department of Commerce and Industries and also shared many ideas and opportunities for the trainees to become entrepreneurs. .
When asked, the Dy.CM said that the protest of the people is against the installation of the revenue collection gate by the Assam side at Khanduli.
Carnelius Suchiang scored 56, 66 and Heiwamut Lamare scored
“Up to 4.5 lakh farmers in the state need modern assistance to improve their income through various programs introduced by the Government,” said Conrad. Rural Backyard Piggery Scheme, up to 6000 thousand pig farmers will benefit from the government with piglets for their livelihood.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Rocky Marwein Rangbah Shnong of Umsning Proper B, said that the cause of the fire is unknown.
According to the complaint, TDP leaders had crossed from Telangana to Maharashtra to hold a protest at Babli Barrage in Nanded district in November
In Mizoram, 12 new cases have been confirmed and they are undergoing treatment at Zoram Medical College.
Comingone was accompanied by Ranikor MLA Pius Marweiñ and Mawsynram MLA Ollan Suiñ. Resources AD Blah, Superintendent Engineer L Suting, Executive Engineer ML Lawai, including two SDOs, B Hynniewta and WL Nari together with the Superintendent Engineer of Brahmaputra Board. u Mr. N Expenditure.
Similarly, Saleng A Sangma, who has announced his party to contest MP from Tura, has criticized the NPP for bringing in foreigners as consultants and forgetting the villagers who have learned to contest. wise, and able to do the work.
The school was inaugurated by the MLA of the area Bah Samlin Malngiang at a meeting attended by parents, school authorities and students. .
According to the mother, her daughter has been suffering from birth defects as she cannot stand or walk.
Of these 90 projects, 36 will be implemented in Arunachal Pradesh, 26 in Ladakh, 11 in Jammu & Kashmir, 5 in Mizoram, 3 in Himachal Pradesh, 2 in Himachal Pradesh. Sikkim, Uttarakhand and West Bengal, and one each in Nagaland, Rajasthan and Andaman and Nicobar Islands, the Ministry of Home Affairs said.
The leader of the JHADC-Staff Association (JHADC-Staff Association) has apologized to the public for allegedly thanking the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma for not receiving their salaries before the Behdieñkhlam of Jowai.
Shillong: Laban Sports Club of Meghalaya has won the 29th Bodoland Gallants Cup in Dimaguchi, Assam.
The TMC leader said that these articles are only to move forward when there is a need to discuss the issues that are important and affecting the people of the State.
The 14 new posts include 1 IT Supervisor, 10 Call Operators, 1 Multi-purpose Worker and 2 Security Guards.
Shillong, November 11: More than 33,000 applications have been received for the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme. The funds have been allocated to these beneficiaries under the scheme for six months, from July to November
To help themselves and others as well, people who suspect they have HIV or AIDS are encouraged to go to health centers or hospitals for testing and treatment.
Robert is a little concerned about the allegations that have emerged after Bah Robert spoke from Nazareth Hospital that it may be a headache. He said that these are just allegations but he speaks with the knowledge of man and knowledge of God and what he says is about the problems of the state. I have met in these days.
At this meeting it was decided to write to the State Government as well as to the Government of India to expedite the start of the Census so that the ration of those who are entitled can go smoothly.
He said the body of the girl was found this morning after she fell into the water.
“The DCA has not said anything yet, another thing is that there are no rules and regulations for the MDC elections but it is up to the government,” said Bah Rowel.
These areas include the area under the by-pass of Umsning-Patarim Junction, Umpoh Junction and the entire road. The public should not use this road especially the school children due to the parking of public vehicles passing through this road.
“I strongly condemn this and request you to direct the management of NEIGHRIMS to suspend this order completely and to allow food shops to sell meat,” said Bah Ardent.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: As soon as the HSPDP and UDP have signed an alliance to work together in the 2018 MLA elections in the state, the UDP has started to lose its first seat. Today, the party has been dissolved in Nongkrem Constituency.
He was awarded the Vayu Sena Medal in 1997 and the Vishisht Seva Medal in 2003 for his services in the army.
The union said that according to a newspaper report yesterday, the state government through Prestone Tynsong has authorized the district administration of Ri Bhoi District to arrange with the NFR for this proposal. The KSU has expressed its surprise and anger over this decision of the government.
In South West Khasi Hills, 9 cases, 3 undergoing treatment and 6 recovered.
Once Prestone spoke, the audience was filled with laughter.
John Lanong, North East Highway Star, Wilter Kharkongor, Michael Jackson, Sanjesh, Sanjesh Marbaniang, a rock country song singer from Mairang, who came to judge on the occasion, in the presence of Khasi Jaintia actor Goldenstar Suchiang and Sonica Khyllait who were the hosts of the programme.
“Since 2002, when Dominic Roblin Nongkynrih was CEM, the Council employees who search for licenses have been dressed in uniforms,” said Sanbor.
While in the sense of thinking that has lost its own rightful and different source, this surprisingly encourages me to share it with you all.
He said that the donation was in the name of all those who have donated including 30 people including household workers, commercial vehicle drivers, ASHAs, Angawadis, School teachers, government employees, guards in various offices, religious leaders and others from all over the Khasi Hills.
However, these praises of the PDF have turned into mere words and insults, and soon they will overthrow the seat of the MDC by bringing a No-Confidence Motion (NC).
The NESO said the cabinet of the Indian government is aware that the people of the North East are strongly opposed to the CAB but they do not take into account the wishes of the people of the region.
On the other hand, the JSU and JYF strongly condemn the statement of the AJYWO which has spoken against the incident in the District Council with the heading “ AJYWO will follow up on the allegation of corruption in JHADC"
This is one of the main reasons why those who have set up SHGs have failed to move forward in their goals.
But it was God's love for the nation that delivered them and gathered them back to their homeland of Israel after many hundreds and thousands of years.
They used to go up and down even outside Sohra to ask for land from Khliehshnong because only one riewrangbah who was more intelligent and powerful and who wanted more was enough.
Unfortunately, no one has agreed to implement NEP202 at the UG level until 2024-2
The Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the United Nations has divided food into 10 categories.
He said the party will look into which of these three names is the best candidate to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong. “It's one of the three candidates but whoever gets the ticket will have to work hard to ensure that he wins”.
He said this is a sign that the party has improved over time.
He from Borghat village has been selected by the Meghalaya Swimming Association (MSA) along with other friends.
C/o Dr.Mrs B. Sahkhar.
Furthermore, Bah Rana encouraged his people by showing the example of Syiem Tirot Singh and Kiang Nangbah, who loved and respected their country, to become leaders. They sent their men with the sword to stand against the enemy until they were defeated and to surrender their lives in prison and in the gallows.
“I request you not to vote for other parties but to vote in the shap of Bom, in order to get an MP from the National Party,” said Bah Beyond.
In the U-14 boys category, East Garo Hills will play against East Jaintia Hills followed by Ri Bhoi School against West Jaintia Hills. Two matches will be played at SAI, STC NEHU ground at 9 and 11 pm.
Earlier, KHNAM MDC from Jaiaw, Bah Adelberth Nongrum, said that he stands firm that the Garo people living within the KHADC boundary should not be allowed to vote in the KHADC elections. “The meaning of the name KHADC shows that it stands for the Khasi people,” said Bah Adelbert.
Bajop said he wanted to point out that within the Rambrai Constituency under his leadership, all the villages that have been prominent in the demarcation talks have been included in Meghalaya.
“We will hold a meeting soon in these days to discuss the work of the party and other needs,” said Dr Kharshiing.
“Momin said the population of Garo people in Meghalaya, and the presence of Garo people in Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura, Nagaland, etc. and also in Bangladesh has increased the number of Garo people in Meghalaya. the Garo language in everyday conversation.
“The case will be heard after four days and the state government has been given time to inform the people involved in setting up these illegal coke factories and also to mention the measures taken to punish them,” he said. Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee today issued an order on the PIL filed by Shailendra Kumar Sharma.
The balloons, which flew to Israel, reportedly set fire to 20 places, although no one was injured or killed.
He said that there are many places where the work is not satisfactory and there is no work that satisfies the people.
Thus from that time onwards, Christians around the world began to celebrate the day of the incarnation of the Son of God known as Christmas.
With defeats on Saturday night, Argentina and Portugal had to go home, while Uruguay and France advanced to the quarter-finals.
The child was also very sad that she had left home with her children.
The Multi-Purpose Hall was constructed under the CMSDF scheme for the year 2021-22 at a cost of 12 lakh tyngka. , Fr. Marius Thongni Parish Priest of Pyndengrei Parish and others.
Also present on the occasion were MLA Nujorki Sungoh and village leaders of Barato.
This rule came after receiving reports that some people would take advantage to disrupt the peace and order of the dorbar.
So at that second coming of the Lord Jesus he will come in the clouds as he went in the clouds.
Therefore, laws relating to special reservation for minorities in employment, education and reservation of seats in Legislative Assemblies for minorities are important to protect customs and life of the Indigenous Peoples.
He said that the association has also received permission to put stickers on the vehicles carrying the goods and provide IDs so that it will be safe when they go to offer the goods.
In this regard, the Meghalaya government has signed an agreement with the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) to provide training to 7822 teachers in 2013-14 while the NIOS has registered only 4385 teachers and the amount has been allocated T. 526.2 lakh and released to NIOS in the first phase of 2013-1
The coordination of all the day laborers for the children in school for the sake of survival and development is very important.
The protest started from Mawlai Petrol Pump in the presence of the family of Bah Che, the leaders of the Sur of Mawlai and also the people. followed by the leaders of the Sur of Mawlai and the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Kemrang Social Welfare Organization (KSWO) will hold a meeting tomorrow at Mawkliaw-Kemrang village. The 7 villages of Mawkliaw-Kemrang, Tyrngei, Mawlatang, Diengsiar, Nongla, Suktia and Mawsiangei have also been announced publicly so that the people can come and express their voices wherever they want to go to Sohra or Pynursla Civil. Sub-Division.
“The House has already approved and the Prime Minister has already promised to implement this demand, but now another Christmas has come and it has not happened,” he said. .
Once the knowledge has reached the climax, it will begin to decline.
He said that during the mock poll and polling, 47 BU, 34 CU and 109 VVPATs have already been replaced by others. which is enough.
When contacted by the leaders of various political parties and the voters of the three constituencies in West Khasi Hills, the voice that came out of them was that in the 2023 election, whoever Those who want to contest elections unless they have billions of rupees should stay at home because they will not win anything.
Rekha Sharma, head of the NCW, wants an inquiry by the Indian government into the incidents that happened last month and one of them involved four people. priests of the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church and another accused the Bishop of Jalandhar, Franco Mulakkal, of raping a woman.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 226 new cases have been confirmed and 1859 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
In another match, Mawkriah West beat Lawmali 0-3 with goals scored by SP Pyngrope 38', S Warjom 54' and D Khongwang .
It is to be recalled that on 28th July 2023, the MPCC has announced the name of the candidate from the 6-Khliehriat Assembly Constituency without first consulting with the Block Office Bearers. The Congress party has expressed its surprise that the MPCC has nominated a candidate for the NPP Mahila President, Jhanika Siangshai. She has resigned from the Congress party on 23rd July, 2022 and joined the NPP on 11th July
Shillong: U Bah PT Sawkmie, MLA of the Congress party, on Tuesday said that the party demands the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
The body of the youth was found on Friday at 12 noon by one of the youths of Nongpydeng village while he was walking through the footpath. The body of the youth was recovered at 1 pm and informed the Nongstoin Police Station. The body of the youth was recovered at 1 pm. He is also a member of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongpyndeng Unit and holds the post of Organizing Secretary. KSU Nongpyndeng Unit President Marbiang Nongsiej and General Secretary Elen Syiemlieh said that the KSU Nongpyndeng Unit is deeply saddened by the sudden death of this fellow member.
" Thus he found love to be the light.
In addition, there is the Dorbar Hima which is the highest Dorbar Paidbah and can take any decisions relating to the administration of the Hima.
The NPP led by Conrad K Sangma is one of the parties that supports the BJP government in Delhi and in Meghalaya it has elected two BJP MLAs. The State today ordered all government officers and employees to come to work tomorrow without fail and if anyone fails, the government will punish them.
Members of the BJP together with the Commercial Vehicles Association, today held a flag raising ceremony across the Khasi Hills to protest against the government's allowance of free buses and small buses. taxes besides charging exorbitant rates to riders.
Participants will be limited to 14-year-olds, 16-year-olds and 19-year-olds.
They want the UT to remain covered by political problems and sufferings, and have placed their trust in the people.
In this competition, the traditional chefs came with well prepared dishes and each dish contained dozens of dishes including ja, vegetables and salads. , beverages, chutneys and clean foods, jyntah made from traditional vegetables and others.
Hyderabad scored 71 runs for one wicket in the first innings and needed 127 runs to win the match.
Pastor NA Phawa, one of the pastors from Jaintia Hills, said that all the churches in Ri Khasi Jaintia wanted to hold a service, but to cancel this meeting within half an hour was like The Prime Minister's behavior seems to ignore their views.
No parking will be allowed from the Khasi National Durbar Hall Mawkhar to the Municipal Parking Lot in Mawkhar.
If that is the case, the hard work of the church leaders who preach regularly in churches and assemblies, who have converted others and who have donated tens of thousands of dollars to build churches, will be in vain.
He has issued an order to collect taxes from the quarry trucks in the Raid Sawsymper,” said the JAC leader. They have agreed with the Dorbar Raid but they have not yet done anything.
The book launch was attended by 150 invitees.
Meghalaya's final match will be against Mumbai on 3rd November.
“He said it was a personal reason and therefore he could not contest the election.
Shillong Lajong Football Club is ready to face Churchill Brothers in the I-League tomorrow at Tilak Maidan in Goa.
This month alone, police have arrested four persons with 6.02 grams of heroin.
Fortunately, Meghalaya has not been included in the list of states.
The passing away of this Rangbah has been a great loss not only to the family but also to the East Jaintia Hills as he was a man who wanted to develop the East Jaintia Hills. all sides.
The city of Jowai, as the head of the year, welcomed the New Year by dancing with songs and participating in the feast in their respective villages and later they took to the streets to dance.
After 10 days, the illiterate woman has lodged a complaint with the Jowai Police Station and requested the police to take action to help her find out where the body is. my daughter has.
“I'm sorry, Kong,” said Rangsan.
In a petition, Bah Diengdoh said, “This case relates to Writ Petition No. WP(C) [SH] 178/2013, in which the High Court in its order On 25th July, 2013, the Supreme Court issued an order on the Special Leave Appeal (SLP) (Civil) No (S) 19617 which is pending in the Supreme Court. will be accepted after May 15,
The Ordinance was passed by the Lat of the State and was not passed by the Legislative Assembly.
So the seven heads are seven kings.
Your authority is the District Council, for us as a Christian State, who empowers pastors to register, who issues licenses, isn't it the District Council.
Shortly after, this reporter learned that the relatives of the deceased have lodged a complaint with the Nongmensong Police Station.
Journalists who wish to attend the meeting are requested to submit their names to the Information & Public Relations Department, Shillong. register today via email.
On receiving a tip from the village authorities, the police rushed to the scene and rushed the injured to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment. He was taken to hospital for serious injuries.
On the other hand, the children of Seiñ Raij Ialong came out with their traditional costumes, dresses and other traditional costumes.
She turned 50 years old on November 10, 2018 but her Golden Jubilee was celebrated on November 15, 2018 at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong. great.
Nongpoh, Nailar 26: Leaders of the RBYF Western Zone today came forward to demand that the government should expedite the Civil Sub Division which the people have been waiting for for a long time and that the government should not make a mistake in this second phase. of the border demarcation that as the party does not want any more huri hura in the demarcation.
Speeches were also delivered by the elders who spoke on the principles of the HSPDP party which Ma Hoping has led such as land, khadar and other issues. .
The union said that other people who have deposited at SBI have received their money while those who have deposited at the Post Office have not received it at all.
Titos said that if the UDP wins the Sohiong election, there will be a change because the party will become stronger. Bah Titos said that in his speech in Sohiong, there was nothing to say about changing the government if the UDP candidate wins. “What I am saying is that after the elections there will be many changes and it varies.
The incident happened at 7:45pm in Nongkasen when the journalists were trying to shondur the tires and stone blockage on the roads when they could not even get out of the vehicle, but the However, the vehicle was severely damaged and the windows of the vehicle were damaged.
Paul Janet, a French scholar, explains that politics is the science of society that lays the foundation for the kingdom and the principles of khadar rule.
Ramkumar S, IAS, Mission Director NHM Meghalaya, was first injected and then MN Nampui, Secretary, Health & Family Welfare, Dr A War, Director of Health Services (MI), Dr R Tariang, Director of Health Services MCH&FW, Dr H Lyndem, Director of Health Services Research, Dr.H.Lyndem among others.
On Friday, 329 new cases, 5 deaths and the death toll have risen to 1257 in the state.
The BSF saw the vehicle parked near the road on the border of East Khasi Hills District and Bangladesh.
“However, after waiting for a long time to run upstairs, we were surprised after the meeting with the Minister who gave us such an answer,” said the nurses.
They don't dare to appear in public because people speak against them.
Kharkrang said the truck left Silchar on the 6th and was supposed to drop off these items at the Merchants & Commission Agents (MRC) located in Silchar. Fancy Bazaar in Guwahati.
Ms Mallang said that each of the foods prepared by the farmers contained almonds, seeds, rice, jhur, pylleng and rymbai. , motorcycles, dai and jyrngam leaves.
He said that on 9th July 2007, the Cabinet had decided to allocate land for non-IAS officers from this state to New Shillong Township. The Urban Development Department has approved to allocate 45.01 acres of land to the Civil Service Officers Cooperative Housing Society at a cost of T.19,60,6
The Minister has directed the relevant authorities to start the second phase of the Sheep Distribution Programme.
Meanwhile, Prof.Don Syiem explained the need to keep a record of the types of plants used.
He said that the Syndicate will also talk to the village authorities to arrange for the places to pick up and promote the bus passengers. boss can pass through.
Russian troops have surrounded a factory at the Azovstal steel mill in Mariupol and given them two hours to surrender or suffer a terrible death.
Mawlieh has lodged a complaint at Nongstoiñ Police Station and police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
In the second leg at the same venue, Roney Kharbudon opened the scoring for Jongksha in the 9th minute before scoring the second goal in the 44th minute. Join Nongspung scored the third goal in the 52nd minute.
And more than that they will not get more.
In this regard, the KSU WKH led by Samla Franklin Syiemïong, General Secretary on Monday visited the DMHO office with the intention of discussing and seeking clarification on this issue, but due to the absence of the DMHO , KSU office bearers after inquiry, confirmed that these items have already been transported from MCH Hospital Nongstoiñ.
In each of these refugee camps there were more than 500 people who were housed under them.
This government has destroyed the fish of this area but in terms of development, Jaintia Hills is lacking in all aspects.
Dr Gopal Sankar Dey, Head of Psychiatry Department, Sylhet, has died of respiratory failure at the age of
This decision was taken at a meeting held on 9th November at Ladthadlaboh Indoor Hall of the Dorbar Ki Khon Ka Ri Jaintia. The meeting was attended by Prof. PM Passah, Advocate Erwin Sutnga and Ma Garlan. Rymbai - Ex President JSU DPde, Village Leader of the Union of Waheh Chnongs Jowai and others besides civil society organizations including JSU, JYF, JNC and others.
Thangthring Village Rangbah Shnong Secretary Village Members, Elders Women and Men expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the MLA for listening to the request of the Village to provide 4 kilometer road at a cost of Rs 2.81 crore. .
Similarly, paid believers who come from other parishes cannot go to church in another parish without having an I/D. Their I/D shall be signed with the sign of the Paradise” (Eze 3:7 and 33:7).
Until the end of the match, Lajong could not turn the tide which led to the team losing even 10 points from the match.
The JHTOA has taken this step because the dewbilat factories have not complied with the agreement between the JHTOA and the Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturing Association (JHCMA).
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lambok said, “We should no longer underestimate the quality of the Legislators in the The power of money in this election to elect leaders to come to the State or in other senses such as religious, clan, regional and others"
In the men's final, Nangkiew SC beat Kyntonsa-ir FC 6-0
The most important thing in the country and the nation is now to pray and seek the face of God to deliver us from this evil disease of Egypt which has spread around the world: and even in India today. .
Other demands include the demand for the establishment of Police Out-Posts at Psiar (Assam-Meghalaya border areas), Huroi Hingaria and Bataw Lakadong.
The training program will run from 24th June to 18th January.
Small enterprises have lost 3.5 million jobs in the past four and a half years, according to a report by the All India Manufacturers Organization (AIMO).
He said that he does not want to see such incidents when scooty drivers drive on the roads especially in crowded places and schools.
We don't know what will happen in these days because we have seen that the rainfall is very low.
He said that the union has found that besides the doctors, these health centers have caused problems to the people due to the lack of beds, outdoor facilities, medicines, and others. that is not enough.
Pule Ruh:When the residents of Sohkha, Lamin, Dawki went to help, they found that a vehicle had been damaged and the people in the vehicle had been taken away by the robbers.
" – Oscar Auliq-Ice Every year, on the 3rd of January, the whole world celebrates and reminds us of the importance of press freedom.
All schools, colleges, villages and townships from West Jaintia Hills District are invited to participate.
In Boxing, Monalisa Vishlux (U-17), Shreena Thapa (U-17), Sonia Tamang (U-17), Mrinali Iswarary (U-17), Arthur Cornelli N.Khongmawloh (U-21) and Shanborlang Marbaniang (U-21).
“There are many villages in West Karbi Anglong district which border with Meghalaya,” said Himanta. Khanduli, Mokoiram, Arting, Umkhermi, Umrah, Umeli, Umswai and Impanai, which border with Meghalaya.
Like our state Meghalaya, both those who believe and those who do not believe in Jesus, pray to God the Creator, that He will hear and listen to the prayers of all mankind in the world.
She also asked why only the MLA of Pynursla constituency has been criticized.
This follows the death of one patient on Sunday.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The candidates of the KHNAM today held a swearing-in ceremony in front of the statue of Tirot Singh at the State Central Library before the election.
He said that the lack of attention of the relevant authorities will force the party to take other measures and implement this issue which affects the people.
If they are weak, the illegal entry of foreigners including foreigners is very dangerous because there is no one to control the movement or entry and exit of people.
The reason why the Nongpoh MLA urged the government to complete these buildings, especially the GNM Nursing and MCH Hospital, is because these places can also be used for used as Carona Care Centers or health centers for those infected with Corona Virus.
He also promised to release the government's relief funds soon to those families who have suffered the loss of their children or relatives.
Speaking at the market, Rupang's reporter has been able to inquire from the market dwellers regarding the elimination of plastic bags to provide gifts to the customers. tda.
However, it is necessary to understand the root cause of the destruction of families especially those who have risen even to the sacred altar of marriage.
Finance Secretary- Kitboklang Kharbhih
IV/2023/152 Dated 11th July, 2023, was issued by the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District.
SP, EACs and officers of various Departments.
“They have witnessed violence against women, arson of homes, destruction of places of worship, displacement of people and deaths due to bloodshed,” said the religious leader. Everyone.
He said KHNAM will convene a meeting in October to discuss the matter better before proceeding.
The statement said that the 6th Schedule has empowered the minorities but it has not been implemented yet and the HSPDP wants clarification on what kind of empowerment Article
“These 60 leaders who have passed the resolution in 2016, 2017 and 2018 if they really love the country should resign immediately so that the Government can bring about a new restructuring of the Coal Mines ( Nationalization) Act, 1973,” he said.
In 2009, he led India to the first position in the ICC Test rankings for the first time.
The final match of the tournament will be played at the First Ground, Polo, Shillong on 17th July
The party has appointed Elton Cliff Warjri as Assistant General Secretary and has formed four sectors – the Agriculture Sector – led by Kynsai War and three members, Tuesday Lytep, Bishar Dhar and Ferdinal. Dream.
Therefore, although the Khasi does not have a purid writing, but the power of knowledge and understanding that God the Creator has given him, opens the way for him to create the flag, to give colour, to give form, to decorate and to decorate. -explain and inspire with his stories, proverbs and parables, according to the development and advancement of the years and times of the future generations in the original Khadi thought.
The working of the EC under the leadership of Bah Teinwell Dkhar for only 8 months has been very successful especially for foreigners who have done bad things. The Governor of Meghalaya does not have the discretionary power to run the State Government.
Until now, the party has not been able to confirm whether he will stand as we tried to call him but he turned off his mobile.
“He said that the Police Department has its own intelligence unit and from time to time it checks the vehicles passing along the road.
“This was stated by Bah Metbah while speaking at a meeting held at the ground floor of the party office at Mairang Mission on Tuesday.
Sonapyrdi Village has its own Constitution since 2001 and has been amended according to the changing times and is the first Village in Narpuh Elaka to have its own Constitution. to preserve the uniqueness of the village, the customs and traditions of the Khasi (Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War).
Budget- The budget allocated for the implementation period in the State Government for the purpose of building and developing the people in the community and for the maintenance of public facilities in the community.
If you are guided by your own feelings, you will lose.
The Manipur government has been surprised to learn that 71 people who have not traveled abroad or have not had contact with those who came from abroad have tested positive for the corona virus. day.
The result of the selection of Bah Donald was announced on Tuesday to take over the post for the purpose of advancing the activities and sport of basketball in the country.
“If the BJP is invited to join the group, he said that at first there is a feeling that they want a government without BJP or NPP, but the first thing is that the NPP will not in the Government.
The meeting decided to demand from the Government to cancel the upgradation of PHC Jarain outside the Head Quarter to Sub-Divisional Hospital which is the right of Amlarem Head Quarter. Sub-Divisional Head Quarter, Amlarem.
In the Under-16 match, Diengshynrum SC scored the first goal in the 36th minute through Bradly Lyngdoh.
“We have received complaints from about 1,000 households regarding the damage to their houses and the damage caused by the stone bombings and the demolition of the railway line,” said Vinod Bisht, an officer in charge of the railway line. “The relevant teams have conducted a thorough inspection to the villages in the four districts where they have been severely affected by this project.
Shillong, June 07: The State today lost a young patriot, Bah Robert Kharshiing.
Our people, the people themselves, have the ability to write, to tell stories, there are those who know how to jer ban sin, in different ways and there are those who know only to grow, find reasons to insult and don't be afraid.
This is according to a statement released by Samla NL Talang, Genl.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Monday said that there is no proposal to set up a Medical College in Jaintia Hills.
This cannot be done in accordance with the Labor Law which does not exist with the Constitution.
His struggle for good health has intensified and has become a priority for his sporting activities since he took over the throne. He won 14 titles at the French Open last year.
The closing date for applications will be on 23rd June, 2015 online and 2nd October offline for youth from the North East.
Bah Monarch Shabong A fire has destroyed the church of Balang U Blei in Qualapatty, which is located in the center of Shillong. The fire started at 3 pm or more.
At the same time, Ms Sangleiñ congratulated the teachers, the Managing Committee, the Sponsoring Body, the parents and sent her best wishes to all the students who have passed well in the examination. this examination as well as to the students who have passed in previous years.
The Central Laboratory (CL), Southern Regional Laboratory (SROL) and Eastern Regional Laboratory (EROL) of BIS have been recognized as training centers for education and so far 137 candidates have completed the examination. study.
The states have complained about the shortage of Rs 2.35 lakh crore in the GST budget, but the report found that the funds now have Rs 97,000 crore in the same budget, while the maximum , which is T.1.38 lakh crore, has been spent on the coronavirus pandemic.
“The job of a teacher is a sacred job and it is very difficult especially to teach in the rural areas of the district.
Thus, in the reign of Cladius II it was illegal for young men to marry, but Valentine believed that this law was against the law of God, the law of nature and a violation of human rights.
Speaking to reporters after filing his nomination papers, Thomas praised the MDA-2 Government led by Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, which has given him the faith and confidence.
As the number of infections and deaths in the country increases, there are two other encouraging developments, one is the announcement of the National Education Policy 2020 on 29th November, and the related policy and education that will become increasingly expensive and deprive many of access to education in the future.
Lakasein scored the second goal through Nidaioh Dhar (77').
Speaking to media before the rally, Bah PT Sawkmie said that as the candidate of the UDP, he has a strong hope of winning the election. He was also appointed as MLA of Mawlai.
Shillong: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District have requested the state government to take action to search for all the 36 Khasi villages in Block-I if they have started the Determination of the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
Bah Dabit Nianglang asked me to send it to the newspapers so that it can be a good example for others.
He said the state government has taken 900 acres of land at Saitsohpen to set up the National Institute of Technology (NIT).
"“However, at this time, they were in trouble.
H Lalthlangliana, Deputy Commissioner, Kolasib, said that the residents of Vairengte, had turned to the places where the people from Assam, carrying sticks and sticks, had gathered. the lum maw mar around.
SBUK has been providing free training to those who wish to learn to read and write Khasi since 2015, many of whom have come to study temporarily even from outside India.
100 girls and 230 boys participated.
Therefore, instead of growing, the nation is being destroyed by wild boars and wild cattle that come to graze in the wild areas of our country, such as Ïewduh, Khyndailad, Polo, Rynjah, Laitumkhrah, Lad Rymbai, Sutnga, Dawki, Balat and others, except in Mairang, Nongstoin and some rural areas.
We have decided to meet the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma to address this for the benefit of the people of Jaintia Hills,” said Ma Lahkmen.
In a statement, AMPSTA General Secretary FC Shullai and AIPTF Secretary said that this rally is part of the demand from the government for the improvement of the pension scheme, recognition of the pension scheme. or regularize the services of Lower Primary School teachers, the payment of the 4th Installment 25% Revised Pay of Deficit Teachers, the payment of salaries of Deficit Teachers and on quality education.
Sabahmuswang will play in the 1st Division next season along with Sohmynting who will play against Ladthadlaboh on Saturday.
On the other hand, the Minister congratulated the RBYF for honoring these youths who have achieved success in their studies. , will encourage not only those young people who have been awarded, but will also be an encouragement to those other young people who cannot come forward.
The Youth Service of the Presbyterian Church Latyrke on Thursday started the Christmas carol inside the church which was attended by children and adults.
The president of Seinraij Ialong, Ma Pyrkhat Shylla in his speech said that the Behdeiñkhlam festival of Seinraij Ialong and Wahiajer has come to an end today. to thank and pray for the blessings received and to pray before the Creator to send more blessings to the children of the Raij for prosperity, peace and prosperity.
It is suspected that the man was killed, so the police from the crime seen unit came to investigate to find out the facts from the scene of the incident.
The most adequate district council is the KHADC which has about 800 employees to date, and has not had any problems especially in terms of salaries.
He said that there were up to three LPG trucks parked at Tuber Tahkhñiang which smuggled gas to the people.
All that remains is to implement it. In India, which has 29 states, out of 29 states to 23 states have appointed and fully implemented state Human Rights Commissions, including the states of India. Meera C. Saksena, IAS Retd, has been appointed as the Acting Chairman of the Commission. The Meghalaya Government has appointed an IAS Retd to appoint an Acting Chairman of the Commission but the State Government may not want to implement the Commission which is very important in the State but the Meghalaya Government has produced and implemented others. committees & commissions which are not needed by the public, it is only to spend the public money by appointing unemployed chairman, co-chairman, vice-chairman in the committees and the commission is different.
“In the second phase, we have to follow the principles and if we don't follow them, maybe in the second phase, many villages will reach Assam. not shisha “he added.
“No one has the right to take away the soul of anyone.
Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School, which is also the host and organizer of this tournament, has won the title of Inter School Mawlai Sports Meet
In preparation for the celebration of Christmas, the opening ceremony was attended by the Aspirant Auxilium Convent Mawtnum, the Seiborlang Choir from Nongpoh Parish and others. other elders, mothers and fathers and youth of Nongpoh area.
In the Syiem Hima Mylliem election, 5 candidates have registered to contest the election and out of 41 voters, 10 candidates have failed to cast their votes and 31 candidates remain. They voted and elected Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem as the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
Five types of training will be provided at the Industrial Training Institute (ITI) for the youth of the area namely Surface Embroidery Trade (SET), Wiremen, Office. Assistant and Computer Program (OACP), Multimedia Animation & Special Effect (MA&SE) and Driver-cum-Mechanic (DcM).
I have given below some points that will help to distinguish arabica coffee from robusta coffee Arabica coffee The robustau coffee tree is about
The disease has also been found in Denmark, which is the largest producer of these animals, and also in the Netherlands. .
New Delhi, July 25: President Barack Obama has laid wreaths at the crematorium of Mahatma Gandhi at Raj Ghat.
He said that the youth of the State have a responsibility to ensure that all children should receive equal education so that they can be aware of climate change, poverty and unemployment. problem.
Because to clear the hills around the airport is not easy.
“This seizure is 20 times higher than what we have seized in previous years,” said the CEO. According to him, in 2018, the department has seized only about 1.15 crore.
Mawkyrwat MLA, HM Shangpliang, former MLA and current Advisor to the Education Department of the State Government. Also present on the occasion were Carness Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat. Constituency, teachers who are Principals, Vice Principals, Headmasters and Headmistress of schools along with members of the Managing Committee.
The MPLU has threatened to stage a mass protest if Rao is not removed, saying he is against the people of the state and that the Village Administration Bill (VAB) has been passed. This was during the tenure of Governor V Shanmuganathan in
In her speech as the recipient of the award, Kong Ripnar congratulated the entire kur for the honor bestowed upon her and thanked God for his guidance and also congratulated them. parents and family members who have guided and guided her to reach this goal.
According to the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA), 924 villages have been affected by the floods and landslides since June 1,
Nongstoin, Naiweing 10: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah S.Kharlyn Gdoh, has applied for the HSSLC examination. The District Magistrate on Saturday night arrested several trucks carrying coal while they were smuggling illegally through the Nongstoin-Shillong road. land in the village of Mawlangkhar.
Starsis Langrin, 34, of Shallang Sohbar village has escaped from the Nongstoin Civil Hospital after coming to the hospital. send care.
She also announced that from now on, it is prohibited to kill or abuse animals, including Ksew and others, by saying that this is illegal and if anyone is found, The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi, has urged the District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District to imprison for five years or a fine or both under Section 429 IPC. The public, if they find anyone killing or abusing animals, should inform the nearest Police Station and such persons should lodge a complaint.
There is no point in knowing God without knowing man.
Two wickets fell to PM Santhosh for 1/15 and Manish Sharma for 1/33), but Odisha did not lose any more wickets in the last innings.
Another question is, What are the results of the resurrection of Jesus? The results are (1) It proves that God exists even though we cannot see Him with our physical eyes.
The Orphan Children Foundation (OCF) under the leadership of its Founder Chairman, Ma L Dkhar has continued to distribute food items to the orphans. and those with disabilities in Biar and Pyntei villages, West Jaintia Hills District.
Explaining the works under the Non Plan, Dino G Dympep said that 90% of the works under the Non Plan are maintenance works and 85% of these works are maintenance works. contractors working within the maintenance work have their own types of work that are included in their list.
The ASHAs under the umbrella of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers' Union (MASHAWU) have staged a 'stay at home' strike since 30th March to force the Government to implement the demands of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers' Union (MASHAWU). which also includes an increase in wages.
In English it is called HORIZON. In Khasi it is called DONGDIT or SAWRIANG.
The final match of the OC Blue SPL 2021-22 between Langsning FC and Mawlai SC will be played on Tuesday at 3 pm. The Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Shri Banteidor will be the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the OC Blue SPL 2021-2
Secretary – You Are The One.
The Committee meeting chaired by EM Victor Ranee today decided to invite the KHADC and GHADC to discuss and send a petition to the Central Government on this issue.
The Government's inability or reluctance to make public the findings of this report is because the Government has made a mistake in directing the Police Department and wants to protect the bloodthirsty people in the Police Department,” said the statement.
Four employees of the Kerala Marriage Registrar's Office have refused to issue the marriage certificate of his wife, but have ordered him to marry again. you have a new syrnot.
Later, four languages, namely Bodo, Dogri, Santali and Maithilli, were included in the 8th Schedule.
The reason is that after the High Court ordered the government to use the Roster System in the implementation of the Reservation Policy, it was found that the allocation of jobs is biased, and this can be seen through The Meghalaya Public Service Commission, Police Department and others have issued notices.
“Farmers from all over India, except those states with elections and the North Eastern states, will attend the rally,” said Vijoo Krishnan, Joint Secretary, All India Kisan Sabha. .
Leaders of the Seng Khasi Kmie said that the number of dancers is increasing over the years and the Seng will continue to seek ways to get assistance from various authorities to improve the dance ground at Lympung Weiking. .
Shillong, November 20 : U Bah Kodios Thong has been elected as the HSPDP candidate from Jirang Constituency for the 2014 MDC election.
He said that the import of puron from other states is like a rapprochement between the two neighboring states of Assam and Meghalaya and even in the North Eastern Region of India that we should There is a collaboration for the development of music or acting which in these days has become one of the sources of employment for the youth.
The MLAs we have elected should fear the people and not be selfish.
The Dorbar Shnong Pamrapaithlu on Thursday awarded 19 students who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. Cornelius Dkhar in the presence of Waheh Shnong Leningstar Rymbai and leaders of various village committees.
Through this statement, the President of the Hill's Farmer Union, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Mutshwa Thabah, said that this person is willing to help the farmers by cutting kilos of crops and He also said that they should not 'Ot kilo' if it affects the farmers.
Customer: Hey! Whoever stands in the house of anyone, whoever it is, whoever eats the head of the khiew belongs to the rangbah longkñi.
Shillong, Nailur, 07: Seven drug traffickers have been arrested by the Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday. in different parts of the Laitumkhrah area.
The total number of recoveries is 12,735 and the death toll is
Prof. GD Sharma, Chancellor of USTM, and Dr. RK Sharma, Advisor of USTM gave speeches at the training program and stressed on the importance of women and men. Equality in society without discrimination in human beings.
On the part of the youth of Loompyrdi Iongpiah, as part of the entertainment of the witnesses, they performed a pliang dance in dress code.
These employees have been appointed at Nongpoh CHC, Patharkhmah CHC, Umsning, Mawhati, Kyrdem Kulai, Marngar and Umiam in Ri-Bhoi.
“We all want change but it doesn't mean change of party office bearers.
In relation to the trade in property whether in the city, in the rural areas or on the border areas of the state, the authorities have destroyed all the property of the land owners and destroyed the market as well as the income. the book of the people of the state.
When he sat down with Purno, he was smoking a cigarette, which cannot be said anymore, in which he had already put his long cigarette in front of him and the smoke was flying straight into the air.
So Sunday is indeed a special day.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs, who are the owners of the land along the road, have lodged a petition with the Executive Engineer of Nongstoin Division, to urge the department to distribute the land. bording should expedite the relocation of these posts.
The workshop was organized by the Khasi Department of Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai on Friday.
“This is one of the goals to fight against tobacco and other harmful substances that affect the health of the people.
Ma Pariat said as a person who is concerned about the loss of the rights of the residents to the ration card.
Shillong, July 19: The Office of the Syiem of Khyrim Hima on Tuesday confirmed Bah Teiborlang Wankhar as the Sordar of Massar Village, East Khasi Hills. , and Paiem Dr. Balajied Singh King.
At the same time, they said that they have already lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC and the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, to demand that they should remove the Rangbah Shnong. u Bah SA Change.
They are just like the brutes of political parties.
He knows how to read through the letter ABKD and the song RI Khasi RI Khasi. How can he say that now, why not since before?
He said that at meetings held recently in Bangalore and Delhi, BJP leaders from Dong Mingi raised the issue that the BJP should not ban the slaughter of beef.
She also stressed the need to spend time and guide her children in the right path as they grow up.
The old man must be a stone in his heart,” he said to himself.
He also urged the new officers to be responsible soldiers for the nation, to be an example to the society and especially to provide the best service to the area. .
God said, "I will rebuild thee, and thou shalt be built, O Virgin of Israel.
The meeting focused on addressing key issues such as infant mortality and strengthening relationships with other agencies to ensure community participation. , collaboration with agencies in implementing this.
Speaking at the meeting, the HYC leaders named the government's ordinance as the Seinpuh of the Jaitbynriew, while Nickson Dohling said that it is like a mountain. It has allowed too many foreigners and mynder to become villagers peacefully and even to hold the post of Rangbah Shnong.
The KSU has honored the 45th National Arm Wrestling Championship organized by the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association.
In this match, Sputnik did not take the lead before tied first after winning the toss.
Tura, July 10: Three traders were abducted from Dalu, a village near Gasuapara in South Garo Hills this morning, according to reports.
The Referees Development Course was conducted by Pijush Biswas, AIFF Referees Instructor and members of the National Referees Association. Mr. Ricky M. Synnah and Mr. Kynsanphar L. Nongum.
Shillong, Naiweing 24: A mombati burning ceremony was held on Friday to condole with the residents of Mukroh and the families of those who lost their loved ones in the shooting of the Assam police. They demanded that the government should set up a Special Border Police Force to protect the Khasi living in the border area from the attacks and harassment of the Khasi.
It was not until the assumption of Bah EK Mawlong as Chief Minister in 2000 that there was a visit to these borders together with the Chief Minister of Assam, Mr. PK Mahanta.
They also demanded that the doctors should continue to strike until Dr DM Thappa steps down as Director of the hospital.
Besides the award to the winners, Pawan Kumar of BBS College won the award for the best player of the final lane. Rohit Yadav of St. Anthony's College won the Man of the Tournament award.
Therefore, in my opinion, we should no longer change what our ancestors swore and wore with the ancient klong u skaw.
The sports meet was opened by Manbha Sten.
Jha was brought before the court after being arrested in Bihar by the CID of Meghalaya.
The Hynniewtrep people are a small nation.
However, it is the children who do not appreciate this love that is based on sacrifice and lose their lives and do nothing else.
“His courage, his dedication to the people and the community will be remembered forever.
“We don't know who gave us your name when we have an office in Nongkrem.
She said that for the youth, life begins after they have completed graduation and they need to think and choose well their higher education so that they can stand firm in their own right. you are alive.
The following are the requirements that can be issued by the district authorities and these include Healthcare services including emergency services and vaccination, agriculture and veterinary services, transportation of essential items, movement of students, teachers and staff related to conduct of examinations, goods vehicles, E-commerce services, supply of medicines and pharmaceuticals, home delivery services, accredited or registered press personnel (Print & Electronic), persons engaged in construction activities and for persons traveling on Essential Government duty teams namely, Medical and officials on Covid-19 duty, Police, Security and Armed Forces, Civil Defense and Home Guards, Fire and Emergency Services, Power (NEEPCO, MeECL, Powergrid etc.), Water Supply (PHE), Roads and Buildings (PWD, NHAI , NHIDCL, etc), Municipal Services, Food Corporation of India (FCI), Information and Public Relations, Banks, Post & Telegraph and Telecommunication Services.
Touchline Basketball Academy defeated the Jaguars, 44-35.
Speeches were also delivered by the beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana-Gramin (PMAY-G) and the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) schemes. from various departments in relation to the schemes under the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra.
Similarly, Bah P Lyngdoh Officer from the Fishery Department said that the taking of this step by the residents to protect the fish in the Rymben River is an important step for the preservation of the fish. and for the health of the creatures that live in this river, and he also announced the initiative taken by the village of Lumwahniai.
The MDC of Mawhati will lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, CP Gotmare.
Others who attended the meeting included the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, BS Sohliya, IAS, Superintendent of Police, WJH, CS Syrti, MPS and others.
As we all know, the way people vote varies from one election to another.
Before the conclusion of the programme, awards were distributed to the beneficiaries of the Pradhan Matri Awaas Yojana scheme for the construction of houses, those who have completed the construction of toilets. for SHGs, ASHAs, and others.
In a statement, the Working President of the UDP, Bah Bindo Mathew Lanong, said that the President of the country has once again reminded us that the wisdom of knowledge is very important to talk to the political parties to resolve the issue. noh the problem.
It is true that there are some women who have come out to contest for the post of MLA, but many of them come from families that have never contested elections.
How fragrant! The work went smoothly and the food and drink was praised by all.
The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) has conducted a training on food security and empowerment for indigenous farmers through the Agroecology Learning Circles (ALC) program at Namdong B village on the 2nd of this month. this month.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to join hands with other political parties to come together before announcing the MP candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. NPP and Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
Through this explanation, many unknown facts were learned by the youth and teachers about the history of the state.
“He also informed that the Hima Mawphlang will run the Khasi Heritage Village so that tourists can see it when they visit the place.
Nongpoh: In a tragic murder incident which happened today in Pahammawlein 20mer, a man aged 60 years old from the same village, has been killed by robbers in Pahammawlein 20mer village. time he left the house to go to the field.
More than 1.23 lakh Palestinians have been forced to flee their homes in the Gaza Strip since the outbreak of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said. OCHA).
Speaking on the visit of these two hospitals and the blood bank, the JSU leaders said that the JSU does not trust the government's visit but has demanded that the JSU should continue to visit the government. they shall not be shown their works.
Donbok Khymdeit said that in 2013, Donkupar Sumer had applied for the ticket to contest the MLA election when he was the President of the KSU North Khasi Hills District. There was a flag raising ceremony for the UDP party in Umsning to announce that the UDP party is no longer in Umsning.
William JB Sturgeon explained the various schemes offered by the Central Government and the State Government for the retired soldiers.
The meeting was attended by all the MDCs of the UDA, Symbud Myntri Prestone Tynsong, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Metbah Lyngdoh and the Minister in charge of the Department. District Council Affairs (DCA) Hamlet Dohling.
The study also does not accept that lymbit have infected humans, although it may be only in a few cases.
Three days before the summons of Bah Adelbert Nongrum, the district authorities have enforced Section 144CrPC which prohibits the public from gathering more than 500 meters away from the city. high Court.
According to the DTO, there are 5,136 taxis registered in the Shillong Region.
Jesus Christ said this when He was here on earth and He saw that Anti Christ Spirit.
This was announced by the Sports Secretary of KSU Mawlai Circle.
“We are proud that India is a united country and despite differences,” said the PCI leaders. therefore, they submitted that the UCC would affect the rights guaranteed to citizens by the Constitution.
They are both from Nongkhlaw village.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of State for Water Resources, said that it is a pleasure to be able to take part in this day. The Community Resource Center was also opened to the public which is one of the places where the residents will be able to use it in many ways.
The loss of land will affect the whole state.
However, the crowd surrounded the police and tried to attack them.
The Lamare clan of the Raij Raliang, who hold the ksing at the Pastieh Raliang ceremony, are the owners of Nongkynrih near Laitlyngkot village in the former Shyllong Hima or present Khyrim Hima.
She said that when you enter the office, you don't think it's the office when there isn't even a single table or chair and it turns into a storage area for people.
Thomson Chizoram Nwafama (29), Chijioke Agustus Obiocha (28), Desmond Chiemela Uzochkwu (25), Okoliegbe Henry Onyedika (33), Okeke Ugochukwu Justin (32), Chukwunyere Chinaza Christian (30) kiba Amada Chinedu Kingsley (32), Ohajiuba Malachy (22), Obey Sunny (38), arrested on 15 November 2019, Chidera Stanley Enemmuo, Nnaemeka Joshua Anorue (35), who was arrested on 16th November
The number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen sharply and the number of cases could reach 500,000 a day, according to the Sun in London.
The maximum temperature in Shillong was 13.4 degrees Celsius, the lowest temperature was 6.5 degrees Celsius and in Sohra it was 17.7 degrees Celsius. The minimum temperature was 7.4 degrees Celsius, the highest temperature was 17.4 degrees Celsius and the lowest temperature was 9.6 degrees Celsius.
In these days, heavy rainfall will be expected in some parts of the state.
It is like in these kur meetings that not only the near kurs or not only the far kurs were invited.
Would you believe that the Government of Meghalaya has spent more than Rs 816 crore on the fight against Covid which is three times more than other small states like Meghalaya.
This year there will be several sports events which the state has planned to bring more than last year in Gujarat, which included only 36 sports events, and in Kerala in 2015 has 33 National Games, this year's National Games will be the most.
In India, the number of cases has risen to 28,701 in the past 24 hours and the death toll has risen to
The union has put forward three demands, namely the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India and the amendment of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya. The border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam has been resolved.
When asked why they refused to go to the election duty, they said that the reason is because the price paid by the department does not match the energy they have spent.
The bus (ML 05 2365) overturned at 6:30 pm on the Skhentalang highway on its way from Amlarem to drop off the youths from Namdong village.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, M.Kharkrang, confirmed to the media that the police have received an order from the court to arrest Julius Dorphang.
Sisodia was arrested last month on charges of corruption in the Excise Department in Delhi.
All the winners were awarded with cash prizes of T.5000/- for the first place, T.3000 thousand for the second place, T.1500 for the third place and T.1500/- for the Oldest and Youngest.
The BSF, who is not a native of Meghalaya, brought the disease from abroad, those who came from Bihar, those who came from Bihar, brought the disease from abroad and those who went to Khanapara, also brought the disease from abroad. outside and when it is so, it shows that we have to bear the sins of these hundreds of people who came from outside.
Therefore, we have decided to withdraw immediately from the party from today, and we wish that the party will continue to grow in the future,” said Bah Don in a statement. However, the youth wished the party to continue to grow in its work for the people and the nation.
The Secretary of Namdong A Village, S Thubru, said that the Dorbar Shnong has decided to use this land as it has been used since ancient times.
The BJP is one of the parties that still has unity and is the only party that the people of the state still have hope for the development of the state as a whole.
He said the Congress party in Tamil Nadu is no longer strong because they do not understand the aspirations of the villagers and thus the indigenous parties have emerged.
Police have registered a case under Section 22 of the NDPS Act and the investigation is being conducted by former Sub-Inspector Simseng A. Sangma in charge of the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF). , East Khasi Hills.
“Has he been appointed by the Government (DCA) or has he been appointed by these two Councils?” asked Eldie N Lyngdoh, Vice President. , FKJGP Central Body.
Shillong Lajong FC, who were expecting to win the match at home, took the lead through defender Daniel Concalves in the 34th minute.
The KHADC has 29 MDCs, the UDA has 16 and the UDF has only
Meanwhile, the UDP, which is in the state government, is the second largest party in the state.
In the letter, Sen also accused Sarma of taking money from him from time to time.
On the other hand, the leaders of these organizations, including Mewothi Suchiang President HYC-JHD, Convenor of FACT WN Dkhar and H Sutong President HNYF-WJZ, said that afterwards, they The delay in completing the report is only a scientific trick of some officers involved in this case, because there are local people who feel that The Council is theirs and they do whatever they want.
They were identified as Gobarson Suting, 30, Thomson Lyngdoh, 25, and Shanbor Lyngdoh,
Orthodox leader Iliy Nozdrin, 88, boarded a special plane to fly over Moscow and St Petersburg to protect the country. Russia has been infected with the coronavirus.
“52 laws, which have not existed since 1972, including illegal trade, influx of Khar Nongbylla, have been introduced by the Prime Minister,” said SK Blah. .
Sanbor compared Dr Donkupar's statement to his contest against Manas Chaudhary, former Mawprem MLA, who is contesting the MLA election from South Shillong.
At the same time, she congratulated the members of the Municipal Board who have been a stieh especially during the early days of covid pandemic where many of them did not even dare to touch the garbage from the hospitals but the The Municipal Board has not refused to do this.
“To leave the grounds for many years without completion, it is better for the government to decide to declare that it is no longer able to implement it, in order to avoid the headache without completion,” said Dr Don.
Non-NFSA rice will be sold at 14/- per Kg.
The tournament was attended by Smit, Assam Rifles, Lawsohtun, Eastern Pirates, Seven Brothers, Sawmer, Kith United, Umphrup, Mawpdang, Madanryting, Nongthymmai, Nongkrem, Mawpat and Mawkhar.
The Returning Officer said that therefore, when you are allowed to get a hearing, you are directed to answer the show cause on or before 12th June, why no action should be taken against you. (Ardent M Basaiawmoit) under the provisions of the Model Code of Conduct.
The SP said that seven persons were involved in the crime but four persons have been arrested as two of them have escaped from the scene and the search for them is ongoing.
Please tell us a little bit about how you arrived in Mumbai.
Samla Joiningstar Rongrin, President of the NSUI, said, “Without counting the load shedding; The power outage in West Khasi Hills District has been severe.
They also expressed their gratitude to the players of the district for their ability to play well despite the lack of adequate sports grounds and clubs but their hard work has brought glory to the district. There are many sports in Ri-Bhoi in the world.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, these 10 new cases are from East Khasi Hills (9) and West Garo Hills (1).
Sullivan's remarks came ahead of US President Joe Biden's meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Most of the Christmas celebrants today are not Christians and are not yet Christians, but they are still Presbyterian, Catholic, Baptist, Trom, Church and so on. etc.
Bah/Kong Please ask the editor to write this better and publish it, the reason is that I too am a Presbyterian to see that in our small church there are families with many children and those children They used to pray well every Lord's Day and yesterday I was angry that if such people support the work of the Church, these thieves who wear the Blood of the Lamb have no right to waste the money of God.
We will take a decision after the return of the Prime Minister from South Africa,” said the Forest Minister.
“He said that the MP Rajya Sabha's contribution was also after witnessing the success of the Escape To Nongjrong festival which was held on 16th and 17th June, 2024 near the Umngot River.
The DGP said that the robbers also threw stones at the ambulance carrying the injured policemen from the Mini Secretariat to the Civil Hospital Tura. .
He urged the government to immediately provide for the needs of the people in this time of crisis and also to provide more ambulances to strengthen the health services to the people.
When asked whether there is a demand from the MLAs to remove Vincent H Pala from the post of MPCC President, she said, “I don't want to take part in such answers. that now we have looked for ways and means and we will choose a decision that will benefit us".
The Court has accepted the request of the Director-General of Police.
Police recovered a 7.65 pistol made in the US along with five bullets and other heavy explosives as well as mobile phones.
Therefore, we need strong youth not only physically but also mentally for tomorrow.
If we elect corrupt and selfish people, we will get such a government.
Especially to allocate more posts of nurses and doctors in NEIGHRMS and NEIAH hospitals, educational institutions like NEHU especially for the posts of Lecturer and Professor and office jobs, NIT or National Institute of Technology to be opened in Sohra. NIFT to open soon in New Shillong or Mawdiangdiang and especially for the recruitment sector within the Meghalaya Rural Bank (MRB) to recruit more ST or indigenous people including Khasi, Jaintia and Garo for the post of Scale -1 Officer and other higher posts.
Anything that is unclean is not beautiful and makes people afraid to be near it.
The Jowai Block Congress Committee (JBCC) has demanded that the Chief Minister and the MPCC should not resign immediately. Sniawbhalang Dhar on his activities against the party.
He said that all the ministers of the central government can come to the state and this is not a big deal and this is not for government work. It is unofficial and we don't know what that means”.
“We have requested the Government of India to set up CUET Centers in all 12 districts of Meghalaya in schools which have adequate equipment for the CUET examination,” he said. Try.
“So far, five states, including Maharashtra, Delhi, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Uttar Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal, have accounted for 85.5 per cent of cases and 87 per cent of deaths. in India,” said the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Shillong: The sons of Shyam Singhania and Pearl Lyngdoh, Varun S Lyngdoh and Sheena S Lyngdoh, residents of Rock Cliff, Cleve Colony, Dhankheti, have returned their Schedule Tribe certificates. Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
Santa Mary has expressed its pleasure to open the futsal ground for five or seven games.
This plant is closely related to the motor garden (Pisum sativum) and is well known in Khasi-Jaintia.
In this regard, Ms Ampareen said that the Food Safety Commission is the appropriate authority to clarify these issues.
Power, wisdom, and knowledge belong to him.
It is surprising to know that Meghalayan Age Ltd, a company run by Vijay Kumar, who has close ties with Conrad Kongkal Sangma, has not yet submitted the documents as per the directives of the Meghalaya Age Ltd. The company has received up to Rs 600 crore as financial assistance from the Meghalaya government.
Encouraging the fish farmers to take responsibility, Kong Mawlong said, “If all the farmers take responsibility, the fish in the State will flourish and at that time, we can also export.
The Committee has selected three IITs, IIT Guwahati, IIT Kolkata and IIT Delhi and whichever is willing to take over the investigation will be handed over to it.
By 2023, the death toll will be twice as high as the birth rate, indicating a sharp population decline in the country.
• Educational Qualification:- Candidate should have a degree from a recognized University, with an experience of 1 (one) year in any organization and proficient in Tally.
If the law enforcement authorities commit illegal acts and kill people, we are not surprised that the mob will bomb the prisoners who have escaped from the jail in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills,” he said. Angela's statement.
Shillong: The President of the National People's Party (NPP), Dr WR Kharlukhi, on Tuesday admitted that the Congress' allegation against the NPP and other parties in the government, that they have joined hands with the BJP, shows that there is nothing left to do. ask someone else.
On the same day, the Dohkha Processing Plant with the assistance of CSS Blue Revolution 2018-19 was inaugurated at Mawthengkut and two Fish Sanctuaries 2021-22 with the assistance of the Meghalaya State. Aquaculture Mission (MSAM) 2.0 at Malangkona, Mawshynrut C&RD Block.
The 26 political parties also met for dinner in Bengaluru last night ahead of a plenary meeting today.
The NPP will not respond to the people's questions about how much corruption they have committed.
He said that if in any case the MDA government will ensure that the border is resolved, those who are looking for excuses should go and see for themselves the problem and the situation. in the border areas, to meet with the leaders and the people how much they are suffering just because of the uncertainty of the border.
Every time the Government thinks of something good, there is opposition from the people,” she said.
Where to start? how do you do it? what are the main points that should be taken? Besides, it is necessary to instill in people a sense of security and confidence.
On the other hand, the security forces are now busy with the arrival of the Prime Minister to prepare the security forces and provide for their needs.
The death toll includes 14 from EKH, 02 from WJH, 01 from SGH and
“My decision to contest was taken after the disagreement among the party leaders on the manner of issuing tickets,” said Bah Lapang.
Shamble MannersContinued.
There was also a cake cutting ceremony on the occasion of the 67th birth anniversary of the author of this book.
Crimes like murder and atrocities are not common in our way of life.
The Government has announced to suspend the recruitment of new posts in various departments until the Roster System has been finalized as directed by the Meghalaya High Court.
He said that if these foreign workers are not invited, they will not be able to come and he expressed his strong opposition to the implementation of the ILP in the state.
The market is located near the NH 51 at Jengjal, West Garo Hills.
Myanmar army fighter jets bombed a border village between Thailand and Thailand on Wednesday.
Therefore, Bah Donbok urged the ACHIK not to be the cause of the fire without knowing or investigating the truth.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting today decided to issue licenses to wine stores to operate home delivery.
If Meghalaya has a proper and accurate border, the children of thousands and the residents will not face persecution even to the point of being forcibly deprived of their lives. Assam Government Police and Nepali authorities who invaded the border villages of Meghalaya and Assam.
Fr Arcadius said that the Don Bosco Technical School Shillong has produced about 5000 youths who have been trained in various fields every year especially in the last few years when many youths want to study. unlike in previous years, when fewer people came to learn.
Sati is a road construction worker in Kyrdemkulai.
“If we talk about history, at the time of the drafting of the Constitution of India, one of the prominent leaders of the state, Rev JJM Nichols Roy, was a member of the Constitution. Drafting Committee and he was also the one who brought in the District Councils instead of the IOA”.
“Because we have already sent a letter to them to ask for clarification but they have not responded at all and we have seen in the media that they say that they will not respond at all to the Congress, isn't this what we have already done? They are the ones who refuse,” said Pala.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pius Marweiñ said that if we know how to take care of the environment, it will be a blessing to us human beings.
Nisilia Majaw, who scored two hat-tricks, scored in the 35th, 41st, 42nd, 59th, 63rd and 64th minutes.
The money has been collected from the coal mined in the state since the ban on coal mining in the state in 2014 by the National Green Tribunal Principal Bench.
The fertilizer plant was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday, and the purpose of the plant is to improve the production of pesticide-free crops and the ability to export of these products without prescription.
We expect the Honorable MLA of Nongthymmai and other Congress MLAs to discuss this issue, as it is no longer a new subject, as the Government of India has already abolished it. The MP Scheme until 2022 and therefore, the Government of Meghalaya, which always follows the rules of the Government of India, should follow the same path (not just the MLA Scheme).
In particular, he urged all the residents to cooperate so that this district can be made clean and safe.
Chandame Sungoh said the HBDRF has received accurate information that the Assam government has gone to build the road until 2019 and the residents of Lapangap village have asked for the construction of the road. Appeal to the Deputy Commissioner on 16th March
The lack of electricity has affected the residents, so they demanded that the MeECL department should provide adequate services to the residents, by providing the necessities as they should be.
Sangma criticized the allegations that India has been named Bharat, but said it should be approved in the House and so far it has not been approved but people have raised the issue. .
Unidentified robbers have robbed the room of the Principal of Mawthawpdah Higher Secondary School and stolen T.3 lakh.
When asked whether the road does not have any road signage, Prestone replied that the PWD has installed road signage to know the condition of the road and the law is not only not only from the government but also from the Supreme Court.
In the junior boys (48 kg), West Khasi Hills won the gold medal after defeating Eastern West Khasi Hills.
In fact, they should have been more determined to avoid holding or ending the festival on Sunday.
KSU Jowai Unit has donated tins of household items to a family in Mihmyntdu village, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
He said that the Dorbar Shnongs in each village have started to restructure their working methods and not to work slowly and their restructuring is how to protect the Jaitbynriew and bring about the The High Court has issued an order to suspend them, until the limit has been reached that no one should leave the village in case of any acts such as murder, killing of people, struggle with others.
Shillong, July 18: The High Court of Meghalaya Division Bench has directed the Meghalaya Government to file an affidavit within four months against the petition filed by the mother of Balsan Marak, Meera S Marak. The trial of her son who died while in police custody on 20th June.
Speaking at the welcoming ceremony, Prestone announced that the seat of Rambrai Constituency in 2023 will belong to the NPP. NPP leader Conrad K. Sangma said that the joining of Bah Bajop Pyngrope will strengthen the party in West Khasi Hills District.
A truck carrying petrol from Imphal to Guwahati was seized at Khliehriat Police Station while it was being checked.
On this occasion, the residents of Shillong witnessed the celebration of the Army which was inaugurated by the Chief of Army Staff, Air Marshal C Hari Kumar by launching balloons.
He urged the SHGs to work hard and avoid differences of opinion but to be united with other SHGs for the benefit of themselves and their families.
Head of Nongjngi
When asked how many members of the Executive Committee there are in the HSPDP, Witting said there are about 24 members. only West Khasi Hills (including South West Khasi Hills) and East Khasi Hills.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the government has decided that people who come from outside the state will have to quarantine themselves. and their households for 7 days.
He said that they will also develop an App on mobile phones for SHGs, Farmers Producer Groups and also for the youth. who is not in this App.
Sohshang said that in this regard, the DC has promised to take action and complete the work within six months, but the union has not given They requested the DC to expedite the work and complete it within 10 months as the government may open the Civil Sub Division.
Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah and Khliehmynkrem have qualified for the quarter finals of the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
In many cases, the residents of Mawshynrut area have been neglected by the leaders despite their choices with love and confidence.
The deceased were identified as Walman D. Sangma, Promius Khongsdir, Restine Marwein.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has urged the opponents of CAB not to take the law into their own hands and not to damage it because the law exists. against the law they shall be punished according to the law.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The admit card for the SF-10 candidates will be distributed from the 27th of this month at the Police Reserve Nongpoh.
Those who used to drink alcohol now have lost their hair.
When asked about the hopes of victory for the Congress candidates, the opposition leader said, “We all know the announcement that there will be a mid-term elections on 30th March and The counting of votes will be held on the 2nd of November and we will wait until the day of counting of votes.
“The government will consider this before taking any decision to avoid any confusion in the future,” he said.
On this occasion, the Catholic Church of Mawbri Parish under the leadership of Fr. Leomary Lyndem as Parish Priest and Fr. Sirus Syiemlieh, Assistant Parish Priest, held a ritual service and also held a ceremony. also the planting of more than 500 trees in the Law Kyntang which covers an area of ​​more than 2 acres.
The question is :-Q.Have you ever thought how you will spend these 365 days?Q.Have you ever thought how many days you will work for these 365 days?Q.How can we improve the work of jam and many of our dreams through these 365 ?and so on.
According to Bah Kharkongor, there are 110 machines which have been deployed across the state.
There have been 444 deaths in Tamil Nadu today from the virus.
On the other hand, Ms. J.Synnah, District Social Welfare Officer, WJH District, in her speech, congratulated the NGO for conducting such training programs in the District. to protect the youth from the evil influences of society.
Earlier, it was reported that Maduro had wanted to leave for Cuba, but Russia had ordered him to stay in the country and Pompeo made it clear that Russia was not to investigate the incident, because it is a place within the territory of the United States.
“According to a statement issued by the department on 28-08-20, we strongly oppose and disagree with the allocation of special allocation to these two Muslim students. non-citizens of Meghalaya to study through the State Government.
How many times has this issue been brought before the House? How many times has the budget been increased because it cannot be completed on time? Have they created a new Legislative Assembly of the State Government ? RTI should be done to find out how much it cost since they first brought it to the House and how much it costs now to spend public money to build your legislature.
In 1918, at the end of the First World War, the British Government passed the Government of India Act 1919 instead of independence and the Constitution.
The auditorium was packed with spectators from all over the city.
On the allegation of taking supplies from a vendor from Sohra, Bah Sanbor said that there is no rule that says to buy goods only from Shillong and to allege that there is no misuse of money only from Sohra. no idea.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) Thyllaw Border Unit (KSU) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the frequent power outages before the start of the World Cup.
The Gazetted Officer lives like a King, while the lower ranks live like a slave.
After the meeting, this reporter spoke to the President of the NIA Market Dwellers Association to ask whether the market dwellers are satisfied with the visit of the CEM. Korbar said that this is not the first time for the District Council authorities to visit the market although it is the first time for the CEM. I came but I ended up talking without reaching anything.
Shillong: The District Sports Officer, Shillong in collaboration with the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong, in collaboration with the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong, today celebrated the 45th Anniversary of the Independence of Meghalaya. The Meghalaya Day Run 2020 started from VIP Gate JN Sports Complex, Shillong at 6.30 pm and ended at the same venue.
All voters on the Electoral Roll shall be of full age, intelligent, independent, independent, and understand the value of their identity, the value of their lives ( vote) to form a government to rule for five years in the state.
These five villages include Tlon, Umjajew, Photjalei, Mawjeinglang and Umshynrut.
At the same time, we should also look at the markets in our own country as India is a highly paid country.
Tura, Nailar 21: The Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) led by its Co Chairman Balkarin Ch Marak and Addl.General Secretary Bostone M Sangma on Tuesday met with the leaders of the Tripraland Statehood Demand Groups. April 2022 in Agartala Smart City.
GM (CFA & EB), Namrata Tiwari were the guests of honour.
However, the change of shape of the Indian flag has been happening from time to time until a young woman named Surayya Tyabji, the wife of the chief of the household, appeared in the office of the Prime Minister.
Rangthong played well and pressed hard against the opponent, but thanks to the skill of the defenders, Kerlin couldn't score.
Prestone said that the allegation that the bill is being repealed is not true, but Dr Mukul should read it carefully.
Nongpoh: U Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Sengkmie, on Tuesday said that the members of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Sengkmie should not be too busy looking for reasons or interfering in the affairs of the village. When the village is overly involved, no village goes anywhere and especially all the development works are stopped.
The training program was held at Pyndenum Saw near Shngimawlein, Mawkyrwat.
To continue the authorization and functions of the Revenue Increase Committee established pursuant to Notification No.JHADC/GENL/15/2023/1, dt. The process of identifying revenue sources shall be implemented in order to improve the capacity of the Council, in addition to the rules mentioned which have already been submitted to the Committee.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting with the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem and the Ministers of Mylliem Hima. decided to issue a notice that from today onwards, foreigners will no longer be allowed to approve trading licenses.
These villages include Nongtalang, New Village, Darrang, Central Village, Dawki, Bakur, Lamin, Sohkha, Padu and others.
The girls' team of Saiden Secondary School has qualified for the quarter finals of the 63rd National Level Subroto Cup
New Delhi, March 24: The Chief Minister of Delhi, Sheila Dikshit, has urged the Minister of Agriculture to order to reduce the price of piat which has risen sharply in recent days. The price of rice in Delhi has reached T.100 per kilo.
Jericko N.Sangma, MCS, Assistant Commissioner, Baghmara, Community & Rural Development Block has been transferred and appointed as Assistant Commissioner, Sohra (Civil) Sub-Division Sohra.
You are a rich man who thinks like this.
He said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Sniawbhalang Dhar, will visit the JHADC in June, 2023 to discuss the issues faced by the MDCs and officers of the JHADC. Council is facing problems.
On the inability to give tickets to those UDP MDCs, Lapang said the UDP MDCs cannot contact the Congress workers in their constituencies.
“For all other departments, the minimum application age has been increased from 27 to 32 while physically demanding jobs especially in these 4 departments (not all jobs), but according to the types of activities mentioned by these agencies from time to time, the age that has existed since the past, will remain the same and will not change," he said.
The ECI's decision came after the NPP won MLAs in several states in the North East.
Participants included KAS members, writers, teachers from schools, colleges & universities, students and elders.
Speaking before the opening ceremony, the MLA said that by the grace of God he has been able to open three wells, one at Umshing Presbyterian, the second at Don Bosco SS in Nongkohlew and the third at the church. CNI at Mawsiatkhnam, which he opened in the past few days.
Two of the three are new and one is amended from the existing one and they are as follows: Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm services Act,2020Essential Commodities (Amendment) Act,2020.
Shillong: Mobile telephone services from Pynursla to Dawki have been severely damaged in these days, where all Cell One, Jio and Airtel companies have been out of order since last Tuesday.
Sohsaw : Sohsaw is one of the most water-rich vegetables with a water content of 92-95% and contains powerful antioxidants such as lycopene and vitamin C. Soybeans have antioxidant properties. combat increased inflammation and can provide protection from the intense heat of the sun.
At the same time, he expressed his happiness that his fellow constituency, Bah Teinwel Dkhar has been elected CEM. While Bah Paul Lyngdoh MDC from Jaiaw said that he feels the need to rwai ri Khasi before the start of the dorbar as in the Legislative Assembly of the State and the country where the MLAs sing the national anthem.
“If the government releases this money, if we calculate the monthly salary of T.6 crore, we can still pay the salaries of the employees for 15-16 months.
Meanwhile, the Information and Publicity Officer of the Ministry of Tourism, Kong Daphi Syiem, said that the Meghalaya government through the Tourism Policy 2012 has introduced schemes for people who are really interested in this field.
Speaking to media, u Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that he has brought up issues that the department needs to take action before any tragic incident happens.
He said that the shopkeepers who were affected by the fire were severely affected, as all the goods they sold including other items were destroyed by the fire. and all the shops were destroyed.
Some see it as a time for good luck such as in relation to exchange gifts or in trading.
A five-year-old child in the United States had to undergo emergency surgery on Sunday after eating too much chewing gum. .
Several MDCs from the Congress party have said that the number they are looking for now to get the ruling party is only to provide 15 members and if they get that 15 members they are sure to get it. The ARPA has already decided that there will be members of the ARPA who have already decided to leave on the day of the election, because they cannot protest against the election but they will leave. give reasons for other activities to show that they are urgently needed.
Bah Nongrum declined to comment on the inability of the ARPA leadership to discuss the issue.
A strong participation was held from all the students.
This part of applying for permission in advance late helps to cover the cost of living of the beneficiaries.
These three organizations are ready to submit a petition to the Minister in charge of the department and will continue to monitor the operation of these bridges to see whether they comply with the rules and regulations issued by the department. , said the President of the National Volunteer Association, Bah P Sari.
According to the police, there are three parts of the road where no entry points will be allowed. Vehicles will not be allowed to enter the nearby national highway-6 The Deputy Commissioner's Office in Khliehriat will not allow vehicles to enter the Khliehriat Presbyterian Higher Secondary School road leading to San Mala. Vehicles are not allowed to enter from Khliehriat Community Hall to National Highway-6, vehicles are not allowed to enter from SBI or Lad Block to National Highway.
We should not be surprised if the NPP does not refuse to leave the UDP in its own right (UDP), that is, whether the UDP will continue to support the MDA 2.0 Government or whether it will withdraw and leave. of the MDA 2.0 Government.
On the same day, the MCO-2024 brochure was also distributed.
Rybakina has already lost to Kalinina in a few of their last fights in Charleston last year.
This is Lajong's first game in the I-League for the 2023/24 season.
The survey was conducted by the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment in collaboration with the National Drug Dependence Treatment Center (NDDTC) and the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), New Delhi.
He said that the establishment of USTM has greatly improved the quality of education in the state and he hopes that this university will continue to produce many students who have responsibility for the future. the state and the country as a whole.
The Zonal Committee in these two constituencies is still strong and we are still working,” he said.
This is an era in which the electorate has been able to see if the candidates who contest elections have done wrong through the availability of power.
Bengaluru Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB) Chief Accountant Prashanth Madal has been arrested by Karnataka Lokayukta officials while receiving Rs 40 lakh. Pale.
Jowai, July 27: West Madan Mustem and Caroline Colony beat each other 1-0 in the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football Tournament (WJDSA) today 27th at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
:A man has lost his life after drowning in the Simsang River due to a sudden cardiac stroke while fishing in the river.
"You're right," agreed the brother.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 460 new cases have been confirmed and there are 4584 active cases in the state.
Meghalaya had to score 197 runs to win the match.
When asked whether the repeal of 307 IPC is due to the pressure from many political parties and the people, Kharkrang said, “Our job is not to be forced anywhere. “It's the first time that the Prime Minister's vehicle or vehicles have been involved in a collision,” said Bah Kharkrang. He said that there has never been a case of a vehicle carrying officials being hit but there has been a case of patrol vehicles being hit.
The Governor also directed the JHADC to amend the Constitution of District Councils Rules, 1951 so that the rules can be implemented properly. the division of constituencies.
Speaking on the government's journey in 2020, he said it was a difficult time for the leaders, but the government under the leadership of the NPP “It is not idle, but they send all the students to the state and it is responsible for the fees from district to district for those students who study and work abroad,” he said. Mr. Tynsong.
Among the candidates announced by the HSPDP, the incumbent MLA of Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, will contest from this constituency.
On the cooperation of the public, he said that from time to time there are meetings to discuss with the drivers and conduct training programs and the department itself is looking for ways and means to relieve the traffic jam. .
The police department is on high alert especially now that the World Cup has ended to ensure that there is no disturbance in the peace and order, and the continuation of the night curfew is based on witnesses in the past. petrol bombing happens in the dead of night.
They also expressed their concern that instead of them, new personnel have been appointed by ex service men.
Whether it is political interest or personal interest, Dr Mukul Sangma should not accept this demand,” he said.
Shillong: One soldier has tested positive for Covid-1
He urged the ICAR and the College of Agriculture University to work together and investigate the needs of the farmers on how to develop them in agriculture.
Some say that this is the biggest mindset change in the world in which the Swachh Bharat Mission (SBM) has led all the villages in India to reach the biggest milestone and Before 2nd March 2019, in honor of Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary, every gram panchayat has declared itself ODF where everyone has access to toilets.
Others who wanted to join Assam under the Sixth Schedule through a resolution got only 40 votes.
The statement said that a man who came to Mahadev Khola, who asked for Amul Kool from one of the shops in the area and said that he would pay later but after The owner of the shopkeeper refused, and the man gave him a snapshot.
At the same time, he said that JETS 24X7 will soon start operating in Shillong to provide safe and affordable services to the people of the state through two wheelers. and will continue to set up offices across the district headquarters of Meghalaya to provide employment opportunities to the young men and women of the state who wish to stand on their own feet.
At the closing ceremony of this training; B.Ladia, who is also the teacher of these youths, urged them to implement the training they have received so that it will become a source of employment for them.
Now the khiew makers in these two villages have improved in their khiew making skills and have been able to make various types of khiew.
The GST was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at midnight on 1st November, which is the new tax in the country after 70 years of independence.
Besides, she has also set aside time to meet the children and celebrate Christmas with them.
When God opens the door, I will open the way.
There are 44 objectives, which have been omitted from the NCERT and have 4 marks.
In the past few days, rain and thunderstorms have hit East and West Jaintia Hills where the storm along with the rain has caused damage following floods and landslides in many places.
If we look closely, we will find that the religious laws of India, of Hindus, Buddhists, Parsis, Jains, Sikhs, Jews, Muslims and Christians, differ greatly from one another. one, in relation to marriage, divorce, inheritance and inheritance, childbearing, raising and caring for children.
Those of you who are in the religion of the high paid do not speak evil of those who are in the religion of the low paid.
Don't spend too much time on the internet for criticizing others, looking for food, you don't have time to draw pictures of others, do you? “It's still a bad idea that we have a Dkhar, and we ask why Dkhars say that they love the nation,” he said.
The truck, registration number ML 04 C 5133, was seized by BSF troops after it was coming from Sonapur area and passing through the Lumshnong-Sonapur road. The road is located in the Lailong-Huroi area.
In India, tobacco consumption is also one of the biggest threats to public health.
“I don't want to say anything on this allegation but I am a responsible, thoughtful person and I am fulfilling my duty as the Chief Minister,” he said.
The DKRSRBD has requested the residents of Ri Bhoi and Ri Khasi Jaintia to take part in the rally to the Secretariat to urge the state government to immediately implement the demands taken and decided through the procession will be held on the 30th of March.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) has demanded the immediate arrest of the Assam police involved in the shooting death of five residents of Mukroh on Tuesday morning. There will be no CBI or NIA or other investigation.
Small efforts such as getting enough sleep each day, reducing screen or cell phone viewing, exercising and sleeping about 7 to 8 hours a night can improve your health is good.
These include East Khasi Hills 178, West Garo Hills 48, Ri Bhoi 11, West Jaintia Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 2, South West Garo Hills 4, West Khasi Hills 1, South Garo Hills 3, East Garo Hills 3, Eastern West Khasi Hills 1 and North Garo Hills
“We don't know about the movement to dissolve the EC of Bah Pynshngain but the support is that we want the EC to fight hard against the pending issues like MUDA, VAB and the relocation of metor drivers and others. ", he said.
“We need to stop the infiltration of mynder and we demand that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) should be implemented,” he said.
The issue of relocation of Them Metor in Them Mawlong which has been decided and approved by the MDA-1 government to be relocated immediately without delay at that time but now for more than five (5) years, this work has been completed. without being shano-shano spirit.
“If we continue to remain in that conflict, involvement, slander and selfishness, that is the way we will open the door to allow foreigners to rule and rule our nation,” he said. said Mr. Lambok.
This village is located in Mawthadraishan Constituency which is about 20 km from Kynshi in West Khasi Hills.
Dr Jitendra Singh said that the DoNER department has also set up an Inter Ministerial Coordination Committee with the Tourism and Civil Aviation Department which has been a valuable assistance in finding ways and means to develop the region.
During the raid, police have seized many documents, money and other necessary items and after this raid, police have arrested him.
The KSU from these two districts has met with the Minister of Electricity AT Mondal and demanded that the project should be completed especially as the State is short of electricity and has to turn off the electricity for 10 hours.
He said that the VPP has been recognized by the Election Commission of India as a State Party and has promised to be a national party not only to win the elections but to look after the welfare of the people. .
Jowai MLA Ma Wailadmiki Shylla distributed Household Bins to households to separate garbage from garbage at a public awareness campaign on garbage disposal organized by the Jowai Municipal Board at Chutwakhu Indoor Hall on Tuesday. .
Kynsaibor Dkhar scored the first goal for Nangbah Iawmusiang in the 34th minute and Dawanbiang beat Moosyiem Shangpung 2-0 to win the match. It took 55 minutes.
“There are parts of the road in our village, especially during the rainy season, which have turned into fish ponds,” said Bah Kromlin Shylla, one of the spokespersons of the Executive Dorbar.
Vaincy Chaudhary (14) and Ankita Sharma (11) were the top scorers of Meghalaya.
He said that through this meeting and the presence of the Samla Kur, it will bring closer to the Kur and also to get to know each other and especially the ability of the youth to publish the Riti Kur. Thonhni will help many to understand the origin of the Thongni clan.
Speech was also delivered by Deputy Speaker and NPP Leader Timothy D Shira who said that no one can cooperate with Mukul Sangma.
God will teach us the path we will choose so that we will not go astray in our lives.
The opening ceremony was opened by a song and dance with the participation of the children of the village.
The function was held at Pinewood Hotel, Shillong today where all the MLAs and leaders of the parties in the government including the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, BJP, NCP and private MLAs attended the ceremony. wood.
On this occasion, these leaders also demanded that Bah EL Chalam, to take action on this problem and difficulties faced by the people of Ri Bhoi, due to the increasing power outages. At the same time, they demanded that they should take action to deliver the Bill Light bills every month.
Lambok said that if anything happens, Pynshngaiñ's group within the PDF should take responsibility.
Meanwhile, the NGT has not released the ban on coal mining.
The conflict between the Khasi and Garo is only through the Lyngam area where there is a clean marriage.
And the way of the cross is to stand against injustice and violence with understanding and courage.
Congratulations also go to all the Rangbiria of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, who came together to take part and celebrate what was indeed a victorious day and a sign of the country's independence. you nation.
Pedestrians are also prohibited from standing within 50 feet of the bridge and no vehicles are allowed to park within 500 meters on both sides.
“After firing ten rounds, the troops landed on the ground to fight and the militants fled the scene without any incident.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong Starship Pasleiñ, the Secretary Shnong Kner Dkhar and the Chairman Seiñ Manbei strongly condemned the actions of Well Pasleiñ. Three people have died of COVID-19 in the state, bringing the death toll to
This OM is a sign that the Government has followed the two rules of the Court, and in my little experience I find that it is the basis for how the youth of the jaitbynriew are suddenly. they lose the right to equality in employment in the offices of the State Government, and I am not talking about this only in theory.
The Chief Minister of Manipur, N Biren Singh, after a meeting with the Chief of Army Staff – General Manoj Pande, said that one of the steps taken to restore the At least 33 members of the armed groups have been shot dead by the state security forces.
Therefore, “happy is he who reads and those who hear the words of this prophecy and observe the things written in it, for the time is near.
If the people of Khasi Jaintia are still reluctant to insult others and insult themselves, they should no longer be afraid to point fingers at the civil society, political parties, political parties and lyndan parties who have tried to insult others and insult themselves. They need the support of the people.
After ten hours, the woman went to tell her sisters from one shop to another.
Under his leadership, police have launched a raid to arrest his friends. Police have arrested Hmar Ramengmawia, 28, from Madanriting.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Commissioner and Secretary, Ministry of Agriculture, P Sampat Kumar, said that the state government has not yet implemented the rule sent by the Ministry of Forest and Environment. according to the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Regulation of Livestock Markets) 2017.
The chief guest on the occasion will be Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, President FKJGP Sengkmie and the chief guest will be Bah Arkinfield Khonglam.
Following these complaints, if the reply is not satisfactory on 16th June 2016, it is expected that the UDP will withdraw its support to the EC led by Bah PN Shillong, Jymmang 10: People who went to Pathar-khmah CHC Ri-Bhoi to get medicine have been forced to leave their homes empty-handed due to lack of power. The management of this hospital has conducted a cleaning of the hospital.
He said that besides the important duties of an MDC, the preservation of culture, land, forest, issues related to the youth is the priority if he is elected as MDC. MDC. Besides the issues, Bah Pathaw said that the people should vote for the Congress party because it has brought about a strong district council while the national parties have split and emerged until remembered. more than their names.
Primel Bamon, 32, is the son of L) Phaimon Bamon, resident of PWD Quarter, Ladthalaboh, Jowai.
With this victory, India will prepare for their next match against Asian champions Qatar on the 21st of this month in Bhubaneswar.
Riquoma Rq.Laloo urged the members of SIM to have a spirit of love for the environment which does not end in one day but to be an example to others and help those in need in the society.
Speaking on the occasion, James PK Sangma said that he congratulated the management of the school and wished him success in the future of the school and encouraged the village leaders of SMC to spend more time with the school. power to improve the school and to provide the best education over time.
Before giving birth, she should ask herself how to make the child human.
Referring to the match, it was said that from the beginning both teams tried to play well with some good chances, but could not score until the end of the first half.
Nongpoh, Nailar 26: With concern over the deterioration of the road from Mawmaram to Lad Umsaw, due to the free passage of trucks carrying illegal coal and rnga, yesterday the village leaders at The meeting was held at the Durbar Hall Umbir, Ri Bhoi District.
“The unemployment rate among the youth has increased,” said Pariat. The party has a plan to find opportunities for the youth who have completed their education and who have the hope of getting jobs. you work you jam".
In these days, we have seen members standing near the seat of the Lamphang, carrying placards and violating the order of the Presiding Officer which is an unpleasant and inappropriate act. the country of democracy," he said.
Let us know all this, the event that was planned by God.
Bina Rani Dey, 77, of Nongthymmai, East Khasi Hills, was admitted to Nazareth Hospital on the 4th and died on the 6th of June.
THEREFORE, THIS STATEMENT OF THE Chief Minister is not a hamsaïa, but a ground reality that is full of survers and facts in the life of every human being.
In the 1st Division, Sawmer SC beat Lawsohtun 2-0 with the goals scored by G. Shanpru 22' and L. Kurbah 43'
Besides the rape of minors, there are three cases against the rape of minors.
He said he urged other political parties that the elections are over and now it is time to work according to the expectations of the people whether they are in power or in opposition.
LP and UP Schools shall notify the Sub Division School Education Officer of the employees who have been injected and those who have not been injected as well as the Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools. .
He said that in fact there are about 9 candidates who have applied for ticket from KHNAM to contest the 2023 elections but after a thorough investigation, the party feels that it is not the basis of KHNAM to nominate only candidates. in fame if not to be won.
Although the announcement of the candidates will take about three months to contest the MDC elections in 2024, there are several candidates from the constituencies of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). ) have sent a letter of request for ticket to the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
Shillong, March 04: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Shillong Mihngi Circle on Tuesday awarded the Maitshaphrang Academic Award 2022 to 65 students who passed well in the examinations. Under Graduate, Post Graduate, Professional Course and PhD graduates. On this occasion, the Chairman of the KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle was the chief guest in the presence of General Secretary Donald V. Thabah, KSU Shillong East Circle leaders and members.
However, one of the most shocking and shocking things is that a famous road in the middle of Shillong was named many years ago in the name of the great Syiem. Preservation of then Freedom – that is, the name of Syiem 'Tirot Sing Syiem' has been counted as dust and unclean because this highway has been built. I have heard that even we the indigenous people are still smart enough to call the old name of GS Road (Gauwahati-Shillong Road) until now and even the sign boards. The road is not called GS Road but Tirot Sing Syiem Road.
In the past, there were one or two puja pandals organized by various Puja Committees in East Jaintia Hills District. Naman Compound at Sookilo and six other compounds are located at various cement plants in East Jaintia Hills District.
Air Marshal Anil Khosla of EAC, Shillong and Major General VK Datta (Retd) were also present.
He said that about 2.5 lakh households have benefited from this programme.
We offer paragliding, parasailing, rappelling and so on.
t234, dated 1't February, 2022 and the order, which today, is on the visit to the funeral homes and on this it was clarified today, that in order to visit the funeral homes, There is no need to apply for permission from the office of the Deputy Commissioner/Sub-Divisional Officer (Civil), but those who go, should follow the health rules, said the statement, signed by Bah CVD. Diengdoh, Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya (Home) Political Department.
He said that these days there are many who say that the leaders of the national parties will not be listened to if they speak in Parliament but these speeches are just rumors.
In the bedroom he thought how his father and mother would judge her when he came to take her.
Nongpoh, June 29: Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today met with the DC of Ri-Bhoi District, Dr. Pooja Pandey to seek clarification and also to lodge a complaint. The sudden increase in taxes at the Toll Plaza, Paham Mawlein, Ri Bhoi District.
Therefore, we request the public to come forward and take part in this public hearing,” he said.
He said that during the meeting, it was agreed that the cows which have been examined by the doctors will be inserted into the ears of the cows, but to verify whether they are free from diseases cannot be done. help protect.
Jacky Sangma scored the three goals for Boca Juniors FC in the 13th minute, Budhar Marak in the 53rd minute and Artush Momin in the 70th minute. Artush Momin scored the goal of the match.
He said that those who found the body were two women who went hunting.
Police are searching for others involved in the bike theft.
When asked about the birth anniversary of Archbishop Dominic Jala, Fr. Pascal Lyngdoh said that at 9:30 pm there will be a special service for the invited guests, the relatives of the Archbishop and to the friends of the Archbishop.
Conrad Sangma said that nothing has come out of the meeting and the meeting will continue from time to time. He congratulated the Chief Minister of Assam, the CEM of Assam. KAAC and the Symbud Chief Minister, who heads the Regional Committee of Jaintia Hills.
The bomb was well hidden and would explode in the morning.
On the other hand, the Social Welfare Department has also received praise from the Women and Child Development Department of the Union Government for the initiative taken to curb the number of poor children who do not have access to food.
The certificate will be valid for six months and all vehicles must undergo this test at the end of the period, she said.
The landslide occurred at 12:51 pm, in which 86 households were affected.
By Hamjan H.Dkhar, Raliang.
The relatives of the deceased have requested the law enforcement authorities not to conduct a post mortem.
They said that in India this fish can be found only in the eastern parts of India and they expressed their surprise how it came to the Umiam Lake.
The husband of the woman, Dwis Phawa, has been missing since Tuesday morning and police are searching for him.
Then the sun rose and when I saw all this with distress, I felt like I was seeing heaven.
She also urged the men to think carefully because the woman is the one who gives birth to the children and not the man.
The RSETIs have been established on the directives of the Ministry of Rural Development, Government of India where the land will be provided by the State Government.
In the third match in the men's category, Dumbur FC will play against Daw FC at 1:30 pm.
He said he understands that there will be successful startups and unicorns from the North East.
In connection with the incident, the woman has lodged an Ejahar at Umsning Police Outpost, urging the law enforcement authorities to take strict action against the man, who has assaulted the woman.
He said he would try to follow up to talk to the government authorities on these schemes.
He said he does not want to leave but because it is up to Prime Minister Narendra Modi to choose him in his party.
The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Laitnongkseh has sent a letter to the Administrator of the Hima on 16th July, 2023 requesting the Rangbah Shnong of Laitnongseh. July, 2023 where the Dorbar Shnong has unanimously elected Bah Diber Shabong as the Rangbah Shnong of Laitnongkseh.
But if a great war breaks out between Israel and the countries of the world, America cannot stand because it has to protect its people.
HANM has urged the voters to use their precious vote properly so that the demands of the people and the state will not be unrealistic.
The next hearing on the case is scheduled for May 27, 2023.
He said that although he retired from his post on July 30, he did not retire on July 1, 2013 because he was traveling around the area to continue another job.
