In a statement, it said that the shooting death took place after the party confirmed that these two men were spies of the police and soldiers who used to spy against the party.
This is one of the largest, most famous and oldest villages in West Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, the HYC Sohiong Circle today lodged a complaint with the CEM of KHADC against the marriage of a Khasi woman twice to the same jait. .
“I also received T5
Speaking to media after the meeting, James K Sangma said that the meeting agreed to remove the word “Unrepresented Tribes” and this will be submitted to the Standing Parliamentary Committee. Committee of the National Assembly.
KSU President Daniel Khyriem said that the KSU fully supports the Executive Committee (EC) of KHADC to take action against the smuggling of foreigners into the country without receiving the approval. trading license of the Council.
The people of Delhi have warned the BJP government at that time by losing the elections and since then, the BJP has not been able to rise to power in Delhi which is now in power. Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party (AAP).
According to the explanation, the drug has expired for three months and thus it poses a serious risk, if the child, drinks the 10 bottles of the drug.
Atiq is now 62 years old and his first murder was committed in 1979 when he was 44 years old.
PC, Bah W.Nongsiej District Magistrate has announced that the curfew will continue from 6 pm on 03 October 2023 until further notice.
From time to time, the union has expressed its concern over the condition of the road and last year, the union had already held a protest in which it blocked the road. The KSU Toll Plaza in Lumshnong and members of the KSU have also raised the flags of the KSU at the Toll Plaza and ordered that no flags should be raised and no shops should be opened. The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilasah Banarwal, IAS, has ordered the removal of the flags and the opening of the toll plaza. “When the Deputy Commissioner opens the Toll Plaza, he should also take responsibility if anything tragic happens and if there is a traffic jam in the area, if there is a vehicle overturn, if there is a death, If the Toll Plaza is damaged, the Toll Plaza should not be opened and the flags should not be removed from the Toll Plaza. The NHAI has repaired 60-70 percent of the road,” said the President of KSU Narpuh Circle, Bah KS Suchiang.
“Our talks with the employees of 108 are to strengthen their jobs after being taken over by another company,” she said.
The CE said that the PWD engineers had banned the pouring of soil but the school authorities did not listen and it was because of the pouring of soil that the well collapsed.
The Court has issued a circular to all the States including Meghalaya, that the share should not exceed 50%.
Sohra, Lber 01: The Laitryngew Presbyterian Church, Sohra Presbytery, will host the KJP Synod Sepngi from the 7th to the 10th of this month.
The manifesto said that the party will provide a direct transfer of T.1,000 per month (T.12,000 per year) to women in each household as an implementation and support under the Meghalaya Financial Inclusion for Women Empowerment. (MFI WE) Scheme to empower women in the state.
Kabul: Three rockets have been fired near the residence of the President of Afghanistan as the President was holding Eid prayers in the presence of many others. politicians of the country and government officials.
However, the dorbar borabor does not only govern according to the rules, it also governs according to the rules and regulations or conventions.
In connection with the incident, the Nongpoh Police Station is conducting an investigation to find out the facts.
Poilang Thawmuit scored 70 runs from 30 balls, Mebanshan Kharsati 58 runs from 34 balls and Rokerben Kharpuli 54 runs from 30 balls.
Now with this money they will buy MLAs and the votes of the people and do everything before the election, said Pala.
The village is located near the banks of the Kynshi River where the Kynshi Stage-I Hydel Project of Athena Company was supposed to be constructed.
The union urges the authorities not to issue the clearance.
A day after the KSU Mawlai Circle announced that it has suspended the member of the Nonglum Unit, the KSU Mawlai Circle has rejected the decision of the Circle and admitted that it is just an allegation. If the President of the party is a person who has never been found or found to do such things.
Furthermore, the legends tell that an angel of God went to tell the good news of the birth of Jesus Christ to shepherds who were sleeping on the mountains.
Young Leaders Connect (YLC) is a group established in 2011 by leaders and successful workers to promote the region.
#happyEaster2019," or that the fire brigade rescued a Sutton Park dog named Jesus on Good Friday, according to a report published in India Today.
“It has been a long journey, but it has been a journey of love,” said Rose.
You also have to decide what is best for you personally which can guide you forward,” Bhattacharjee added.
Umphyrnai Sports Club has won the title of champion of the SSA Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 after beating Sohryngkham Sports Club in the final which was held on Saturday. Saturday.
The FKJGP is one of the oldest political parties in the state.
The Ministry of Defense of India, on October 9, 2022, during the construction of the missile, however, there was a failure in the construction method, in which the missile was misfired.
The Society for the Study of Law, Khadar Daloi Law College invites all friends, civil society, Jowai Union of Village Authorities, Union of Village Authorities of Jaintia Hills to come and participate in the mini fete cum lucky draw. money to college.
On 19th November last year, the Supreme Court granted bail to CM Jha after he was rejected by the High Court of Meghalaya.
There are also those who believe in the crash of a plane in the area, where it is believed that those who crashed decades ago were these strange beings, who came from other heavenly bodies.
Officials have promised to improve the road in the next few months.
B.Biam, UDID in-charge, Civil Hospital Ialong, encouraged those with disabilities to register to get UDID Cards which will benefit them. various schemes and for assistance they can register at the District Resource Centre, Ialong Civil Hospital.
The new Minister of State for Home Affairs (MDA 2.0), Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday announced that four government departments including the Ministry of Health, Ministry of Agriculture, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Law and the Directorate of Information and Public Relations (DIPR).
All these appeared in the affidavit submitted by Kartush when he filed his nomination papers to contest the election.
This request came after the violence in the three constituencies of Mairang, Shella and Mowkaiaw just after the counting of votes yesterday.
Speaking on the opening day of the Budget Session, the Governor said that the government's top priority is to protect the citizens.
He said that this is under the supervision and funded by the Central Government, known as the scheme PMMSY 2021-22, a project worth 10 lakh tyngka, of which 60% has been allocated by the Government. the Government and 40% of its own resources.
We also demand that the SDO of the PHE Office at Pynursla should visit with his own eyes to find out the reasons for the lack of water.
In 1952, after turning 64, he was elected Vice President of independent India.
Shillong, June 05: The Civil Defense and Home Guards Department of the State Government on Tuesday through an order issued by the Governor of the State Government, Bah T.Lyngwa, has promoted Bah RP Khongwar like Jt.
The increase in the minimum support prices (MSP) for kharif crops, approved by the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs, is in line with the target of 1.5 percent of the price of rice.
“In the past five years and two years of covid, it is difficult to ignore the development works brought about by the government led by Conrad Sangma.
The deceased was from Ri Bhoi District.
The Budget Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will be held from 16th June to 27th June.
The growth of knowledge has been so rapid that there is no place to hide it, because the Media World cannot set all the others but the newly produced ones are shown. public access through television or the internet.
It will all depend on actions, findings of facts, numbers and findings.
Medhi was detained until late at night and released after recording his speech and also giving him his camera after deleting the videos.
When they arrived at the scene, the police found several song and when they tried to search in the surrounding areas, they found many song and a total of 37 song. When they looked inside these songs, they found that they were Ganja songs.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has promised to personally consider the issue of the Inner Line Permit (ILP). Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the fifth grade and other matters announced by the State Government.
The world is in trouble, the world is in turmoil, The world is in turmoil, the disease is spreading, The markets and the great cities are closed, Unfortunately, the graves are standing.
The conspiracy was carried out in collaboration with the Gramsevak of Mawphlang Block who visited every household to survey the poor households.
Recently, a father had to release Sanshyieng and his wife before the High Court after he complained that he had been raped in the household,” the report said.
That evil is for church leaders to be selfish and proud.
She said that the boundary around the town to the east is the Umiam River to Bhoirymbong and Tamdong River.
The drugs seized were worth about T 18 crore in the international market, he said.
Recently, the NITI Aayog has praised the state as one of the states in the North East which has done well in facilitating work.
Pynursla: The Riwar Mihngi Sports Association (RMSA) has been established to promote and revive sports in the Riwar Mihngi region. Rangdajied United FC beat Riwar Mihngi Sports Association (RMSA) 2-0 in the friendly match played at UUPSC Stadium, Urksew, Pynursla today.
New Delhi, Naitung 1: In his speech at the launch of a satellite, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today spoke in English.
Gogoi also demanded that the Chief Minister of Assam should clarify the government's position on the relocation of Chakma and Hajong.
KSKBUH has found that the search operation was insufficient and that the security forces were used excessively and on this basis demands that an inquiry should be handed over to the CBI so that the facts can be revealed. and to punish those involved according to the law.
On Friday night, two youths were shot dead and the next day, police said that with the help of Guwahati police, the four were arrested from Guwahati, Assam.
BSF Khliehriat has taken many of the injured to hospital.
These include EGH: 1, EKH: 25, RBD: 5, WGH: 1 and WKH:
Rupang has sought information on this, but no exact information has been received, but the security departments said that the Election Commission has held a meeting yesterday to consider holding the elections early. state and other states like Tripura and others.
They were arrested in June under the Official Secrets Act by counter-terrorism agents in London.
Through this inspection by government officials, these youth leaders and the people expressed their strong opposition and said that the dumping of clinker in this area should be stopped completely, as it will affect the To many and especially to the fish that live in the Umiam River.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: U MDC of Sohiong Nongspung, Bah Samlin Malngiang today visited Lyngkhoi village, East Khasi Hills District to provide assistance to a household in Lyngkhoi village, East Khasi Hills District. on the 13th of this month.
However, the Government does not push the teachers who work hard and dedicate themselves body and soul to shape the future of the students.
Elton Kahrmuti (56 off 48 balls) and Pynshngain Dkhar (37 off 34 balls) scored the most runs.
The Seng believes that through this Behdieñkhlam it is part of the celebration of Behdieñkhlam which means that we can get rid of various diseases of this world especially in which we can fight against this disease. the most terrible thing that has ever struck the whole earth.
Because of our imperfect life, we need to prepare our lives to be at peace with God by cleansing ourselves from all sins.
They should not be the owners because the land belongs to the SMB. This is what I am saying and don't do any politics.
However, they stopped the march after the department authorities invited them to the negotiating table.
Conrad Sangma, who was involved with Nidamon Chullet when he joined the NPP, said that there has been an attempt by the government to dismiss Nidamon Chullet. the police who were doing their job properly and the people involved have also tried to flee the state.
Reports in July 2019 show that the BJP will get about 252 MPs in the current election and that it will get less than 20 MPs to form a government on its own.
The incident occurred at a nearby house and police are conducting investigation into the incident.
This is only an attempt because no one has yet agreed to translate the necessary parts using the original Khasi language.
Other educational issues such as a teacher role model for others, effective teaching methods for students, other methods on how to control students and preventive measures to be used in education have been to explain and explain.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Umthlong-Nongthliew Circle will hold the 1st Maitshaphrang Award on 03rd July 2019 at Umthlong to honor the students who passed in various examinations for the year
In the middle of a fierce match, the two teams couldn't score any more goals and the match ended with a 10-point draw.
why? Answer: Because she is humble, diligent and works hard without hesitation until she achieves her goal.
However, her reply today did not agree, as last month, she alleged that the farmers are Khalistan fighters and that Indira, has been caught in the trap. Therefore, this is the Khalistan fighter.
Anyone who wishes to speak to the Observer can call 8014915790 from 28th to 31st March 2015 and also from 8th to 21st November
MDC Saron Pasweth, Dolloi Jowai District Puramon Kynjing, President Seinraij Tuber Harwis Phawa and others witnessed the ceremony.
“The party headquarters has become the Temple and we should have put this first,” he said, directing the MLAs not to forget the party followers who have worked since. their role in the election.
He said that there is a plan to accelerate the construction and improvement of roads in the area where T.200 crore has been allocated by the DoNER in the current allocation for the implementation of the NE Road Sector Development Scheme (NERSDS). .
On the other hand, the District Magistrate has ordered all those who keep licensed firearms in the District to surrender them along with Xerox copies of their licenses to the Police Stations, out post. for their safety and those who will be returned after the Lok Sabha elections.
Bah Prosper Dorphang – Secretary UDP YW Ri Bhoi District
The road will be closed to traffic from 24th March until the construction of the road is completed.
“I was entering the parking lot when a fish came and hit me and hit the part of my seat.
As part of the celebration of World Environment Day, students of the Indian Institute of Professional Studies (IIPS) in collaboration with the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) and Nomads Adventure in Lah On Tuesday, a cleanliness drive was held in Shillong.
Speaking to reporters within hours of the Election Commission of India announcing the date of the Lok Sabha elections, Tiwari said the increase in voter turnout from 2023 to the beginning of for the first two months of 2024 is 55,9
And every tongue shall confess that Jesus Christ is Lord" Philippians 2:10-1
However, don't say 'Happy New Year'
We shall be slaves in our own land.
I have never heard of them.
The program was inaugurated by Caralyn Khongwar Additional Secretary Ministry of Rural Development as the chief guest. Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi Arpit Upadhyay, Raja Brahma Project Director DRDA, BDO Umling C&RD Block, other officers from various departments and residents were present.
He urged the people to continue to support him because as an MLA he will not hesitate to take care of this road which is very important.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, said that a prisoner who escaped from Jowai jail was arrested at Shangpung today at 12 noon.
The arrest of many drug traffickers in the state in recent days and the seizure of many drugs has been a source of great sadness and encouragement to the parents and the public. everything.
“The party has also clarified that the members who have resigned because they understand that they will be expelled from the party because they have not followed the rules and regulations of the party.
It is to be recalled that the Policy Paper for Meghalaya signed by PB Archrya, I/C, BJP (retired Governor of Nagaland) and Bah HA Roy Kharpuli, President BJP in 1997, in which they promised to honor these promises.
Media reports said that the truck 709, which had just returned from Tamabil, was empty.
In fact, the foundation stone of the construction of this training center has already been laid at the site of the RP Chest (TB) Hospital which came after the signing of a social agreement with the KPC in the year
He said that 72 lakh ration consumers in Delhi will receive 50 kilos of rice per head for 10 months and those who do not have ration will also receive the same. who they don’t have to pay money to.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills, has revealed that the pass application is for urgent matters. Here, the State Government has issued an order that the registration should be through the permission of the District authorities and perhaps, if it is to another State, but in such a case. and when going to places where the patients are most frequent, it is up to the authorities of East Khasi Hills District to impose strict rules.
He also announced that the KHADC will allocate 50 lakh tyngka for the construction of a Resource Recovery Center for the collection of waste from the market and households.
The NPP said the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP has brought about economic development in the state and has also formulated many policies and programs for the development of the state.
Fats such as shynrai are the ones that can control cholesterol levels.
This year, the BJP has announced in its election manifesto for the Legislative Assembly elections in the states of Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, etc. that it will fully implement the Uniform Act. Civil Code (UCC) which aims to make laws for all citizens of India as one country, one race, one country, one religion, one language in the south of India, etc. It will be the most important issue in the upcoming Assembly elections in all the states of India.
Cornelius Suchiang scored two goals (8, 39), Dongri Phawa (18, 56) and Ferdinand Sayoo (12).
The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday campaigned for the NPP candidate from Mawkynrew, Bah Kanang Lynshiang. I'm from Thynroid.
There will be no charge for spectators, and everyone is invited to attend.
For this purpose, APEDA from the Department of Commerce, Government of India has assisted the Eastern States to market products from the region such as sohniamtra, sohtrun, sohphan and others.
He created many ways to tempt and destroy them.
In Khatdum, Umtalen and Borkhat, to this day, there are markets established to commemorate the journey of the Syiem and his rest in those places.
The Commission said it will do whatever is within its powers to ensure that a thorough investigation into the incident should proceed and that justice should be done.
Of these, 69 cases, 47 cases are from East Jaintia Hills, 14 cases from West Khasi Hills, 6 cases from South West Khasi Hills and 3 cases from West Jaintia Hills District.
The 1917iTEAMS team also transported up to 1000 liters of NaRi milk to Shillong and Tura.
The word Baptist comes from the Greek word "Baptizo" which means to immerse.
The Bible tells us that Elisha poured out the ointment on the jar, and the bih, or death, in the jar of syrup disappeared.
The welcome ceremony started from the road to Laitlum where the youths and the people walked to the venue with the sound of risa and phawar.
“Even if the government doesn't allow us to campaign, we will work hard,” he said.
Only the right and the wrong, the peace and order that will make us all happy.
Since 2018, as the leading leaders of this organization, they have started this NGO together with the village leaders, religious leaders and intellectuals of Ri-Lum Jaintia on its foundation and many themselves offer full support.
“We would also like to make it clear to the Chief Minister Shri Conrad Sangma and the Deputy Chief Minister Shri Prestone Tynsong that the land in the border areas is not their own property and therefore they cannot Ardent M Basaiawmoit, President of the Voice of the People Party, said in a statement.
Pa'iem said that in recent days, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has inaugurated two C&RD Block, one in Siju and Rambrai. District.
Shillong: The District AH& Veterinary Officer of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has informed that as directed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the doctors and staff of the Veterinary Hospital, Lumdiengjri, Shillong. , are still under quarantine for a while.
He said that the issue of ar maloi has reached the Governor's house since several years ago and other Governors have been followed up who have asked for clarification on the position of the state government on this issue after lodging a complaint. Public Interest Litigation (PIL) in the Meghalaya High Court.
Shillong, June 30: The popularity of the tourist attractions in Sohra has attracted a singer from Assam named Esha Das to shoot a music video entitled, “ I Can Fly" was released on Saturday at Shillong Press Club by Gracyl Ropmay.
The KSU is pleased to award the 1st Maitshaphrang Award 2022 to the youth of the village at Ummulong Dorbar Hall.
He said the incident showed that the NTA had not prepared properly before conducting the examination.
The number of weak families also leads to a weak society.
Therefore, the union demands that the government should temporarily suspend the holding of this festival.
When asked, Tsering said he has no intention of opening any health center in the state but he is ready to help if people need him at any time.
“We are sorry for this decision of the government because it has come at a time when we are trying to resolve the issues in a pleasant manner,” said the CEM of KHADC. The government should have called for talks with the KHADC to resolve this issue.
Speaking to reporters, the Director of Agriculture, KM Brahma said that more than 4000 hectares of land in East Khasi Hills have been produced with sohniamtra and out of this, 30 percent are planted with sohniamtra.
He said that they will discuss how to do it finally and urged the people of the area not to create any trouble but to remain peaceful and the group will They will raise their concerns with the two governments of Meghalaya and Assam and demand that these governments should end the conflict which has been stalled for decades to bring peace and stability in all the states. the people of the village.
Therefore, the Kurs in Shillong who live in Jaiaw, Mawlai, Golf Link, Laban, Lumparing and others from Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills who read this news are requested to contact the above Kurs. Those who know more about Shai should write to the person who signed the name Ha rum.
Five people have died of COVID-19, bringing the death toll to 1031 in the state, while 569 new cases were reported on Monday.
He said that there is nothing in the Act that talks about the assault on officers and recently at the CIC conference this issue was discussed and it was decided that it should not be allowed. and such things shall come to pass.
There has been no electricity, no water and no cooking air for 13 days in a row in the city, where the temperature is -5°C at night.
Bethany Hospital, Shillong has been recognized as the best healthcare facility in the North East by the Consortium of Accredited Healthcare Organizations (CAHO), India.
Shillong, July 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Saturday sent a clear statement to the state government that the KSU will not accept the railway line in the state even if it is only for the purpose of freight trains or passenger trains as well as while the ILP has not been implemented to act as a barrier against the smuggling of foreigners.
The race started from Madankynsaw, ran from Raliang to Laskein and ended at Mowkyndeng.
The MLA explained that the reason why these 10 villages have not been included in the new district is because the law does not allow them to fall under the Nongstoin Assembly Constituency. He said that the division of the new district has been well established as it was done during the division of other districts.
Ranaut said true independence has come to India since 2014, when the Narendra Modi government came to power.
Bah PJ Kurbah, Secretary of Umbir Village, said that the reason why Umbir Village, has strongly condemned the petrol bomb blast on a police vehicle, is because the place, which was The petrol bomb explosion occurred within the boundary of Umbir village.
“The times of ignorance God overlooks, but now he commands all people everywhere to repent” Acts 17:30-3
I am writing this with sorrow for the residents of this area and for myself.
The Minister also expressed his concern regarding the relief and search for refugees in Nongpriang village and the repair works across the districts.
The donation was handed over by Marcus Marten, President of HNYF NR, who said that the reason why the HNYF has taken this step is to The Indian Blind Football Team has been selected for the Indian Blind Football Team to play in England.
Ronnie said the Executive Committee should not direct the Hima not to issue the elected Sanad and if there is a law that proves that it is true, it cannot do anything else. by doing so later, the kings and priests could only remove the accusation.
On the same day, 207 electric vehicles were distributed to different blocks of Khasi and Jaintia Hills District.
The groundbreaking ceremony was held at the Football Ground of Riangdo Village in the presence of Mawshynrut MLA Gigur Myrthong, Nongstoiñ MLA Macmillan Byrsat, PWD officers, residents and other other.
In the Judeo-Christian tradition of the time of the Lord Jesus, the same was done – “And he appointed twelve, that they might be with him, and that he might send them forth to preach” (Mk 3:14).
“I have lodged a complaint at Mawlai Police Station against the use of my name to demand money from the people in the name of the HNLC,” said Synshar.
Stay away from each other and wash your hands frequently with soap and water or use sanitizers.
FENUGREEK SEEDS (METHI DANA):— They are widely used in cooking, fenugreek is a very effective medicine for the health of the body.
She said that this has created a big problem for the people who live on only 150-200 tyngka a day.
He also explained about the planting of various trees in the catchment areas and other areas where there are no trees.
The selection program for the children from Garo Hills District was held on Thursday (14th) at Tura at Christian Girls Higher Secondary School from 1.00 pm. from 5.00 pm to 5.00 pm.
There is a saying in English, 'If you can't beat them, join them'
James Sangma said the implementation of the OTS scheme will ensure that the owners of petrol pumps will come forward to pay the taxes they owe the government, as the government will forgive a certain percentage of their taxes. You have not paid your taxes to the government.
There is no respect for animals to man...If it is possible, the band should be banned in our state to release such news. he was a child.
It is to be recalled that Bah Marshall, passed away at the age of 30 years old, leaving behind his wife and two young children.
These employees also act as inspectors and arrest those who violate.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that if we look at the implementation of the smart city roads, the implementation is very slow because it involves many departments. government.
It is here that the nation will be destroyed.
However, in the midst of those circumstances, there is a great hope for us as in this time of fear of the invasion of others, that is, from the secret power of the Sixth Schedule. MDCs don't know without talking to MPs, MLAs and Ministers to the Chief Minister, and that secret power is Paragraph 19 (1) (b) (3) of the Sixth Schedule which has been given to us. The ILP (Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, 1873) has been in force since 14th May, 1952, that is, the date on which the Application of Laws was published in the Assam Gazette. , 1952.
“They may be ULFA-I groups involved in this incident, but the army will investigate whether they are really ULFA groups or not. shot, said another soldier.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the people of the state have been demanding ILP since 1979 and in November 2019 the government has taken a decision. The decision of the state government has been sent to the central government but the central government has not done anything on this for almost a year.
The Central Government has to implement the ILP as demanded by the people of the state and signed by about 60 MLAs of the state.
The greatest nations in the world survive because in the first place they stood up to preserve their own language, they told the story of the sword, their heroes, they thanked They didn't follow the shisha of the matti that their ancestors had led them.
It was found that there was damage to the room of the Secretary to the Executive Committee of KHADC, where the desk of the PA was turned over to the Secretary. that pharia is bitter.
“The HNLC has not put any agenda on the table today.
There have been 5 cases of covid-19 in the past 2-3 days in the state.
Nongpoh, March 13: A group of Rangbah Shnongs and civil society organizations under the banner of the Joint Action Committee including the KSU, FKJGP and HNYF today visited Umroi area to launch a signature campaign against the government. They also protested against the introduction of a casino in Ri-Bhoi and also to demand the repeal of the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act
This was announced by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on his social media accounts.
Shillong: The Smart Charitable Trust has awarded two traffic policemen in recognition of their hard work.
He also met with Trinamool Congress (TMC) Chairman and West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, Samajwadi Party (SP) President Akhilesh Yadav, Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik. , along with NCP Chief Leader Sharad Pawar.
Other sources said that the DC Shillong has also directed banks and other departments not to accept or recognize letters sent by Rangbah Shnongs regarding the recognition of loans and other account opening activities and other activities relating to the public and banks.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor said that he has never said anything about the elections because the people themselves have sent him to work.
Families that cannot share resources, give them away with education, which is the key to employment empowerment and prosperity here on earth.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Mawsynram Circle under the leadership of Bah Olansing Suin, President of Mawsynram Circle, has decided to strengthen the party and prepare for the 2023 MLA elections. The UDP has become stronger and stronger day by day with the joining of supporters from other parties to the party. The UDP party hopes that the party will win the MLA election in
“It is to be recalled that there was a rape case in this village and as the sordar, I led the Ranikor PS police to arrest the rape case, but many people are against this.
According to the source, the security forces said members of the illegal groups had gathered in a group that organized the protest as part of the escalation of the protest in the state.
The family lodged a complaint at the Women Police, Jowai on Friday.
We will give our full support to arrange according to the rights of the parties and according to the documents and maps.
Besides the traditional dance, there was also a drawing and painting competition for children and youth, a poetry writing competition and a mobile phone photography competition.
In one case, the provision of accommodation to two persons whom the owner of the house did not know, led to the loss of T.5.13 lakh.
He said the RSS is now trying to expand in Nagaland.
On the other hand, HTTA leaders Kordor L. Mawlong, President and Benet Mylliemngap, Asst General Secretary, MPLU, said that they agree with the statement of PD NHAI SK Verma to hold freefasts.
Furthermore, when visiting the farm in Umyiap, it was found that the water supply in the farmland in the area is not sufficient and the farmland still needs a lot of water to strengthen the jhur cultivation. , because the vegetable growing seasons are very dry and dry.
The first session of the Forum was held on 10th June.
Those in the B+ Category will receive an honorarium of 10,000 per month, 100 liters of petrol per month, 2 liters of mobile per month, 10,000 per month of car, TA/DA of 7,000 per month. , household expenses 8 thousand per month, electricity 1000 per month, 1000 per month.
"The investigation is not as illegal as a blanket," said Jt.
In the toss, Hurdles CC won the toss.
An earthquake measuring 4.4 on the Richter scale struck Assam, Manipur and Meghalaya and was also felt on the border with Bangladesh.
The youngest dead was Paolo Camminati, 53, a priest of Our Lady of Lourdes in Piacenza.
The 75th Anniversary of the Republic was celebrated on 26th July, 2024 in South West Khasi Hills District. Police, NCC and school children on the occasion of the 75th Republic Day in a grand manner held at the Nativity School. Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
Shillong: The Chief Secretary of the State Government of Meghalaya, Shillong, on Tuesday ordered the closure of Bethany Hospital, Shillong, due to the presence of a doctor who has contracted the disease. Coronavirus patients have been admitted to the hospital.
“With the availability of this clean and hygienic Fish Retail Outlet, it will be of benefit not only to the private owners but also to the public,” said the DC. In other places where fish are sold, they are not clean so through this outlet which was opened today it will be an example for many because the cleanliness in the places of fish is not clean. needed to a great extent.
Sangma said the price of raw kwai is currently 50 percent higher than that of raw kwai and the price needs to be improved.
Mustard Oil Cake is available for 2970 tyngka and 3220 tyngka.
He eats, drinks, sleeps, walks and stands only inside a lyngwiar or jylli which is only the length of a chain.
We have no choice but to defend ourselves because of the large number of robbers.
There are still many things that we want to reveal to our people, which, if we have the knowledge and if we think about the source of those funds, we will find that they do not come. faithfully from the path of righteousness and holiness.
Durga Mulieh Twenty-nine executive members of the UDP have been elected. The All India Trinamool Congress Party (UDP) on Friday elected its primary unit in Khlieh.
Those who have listened to Dr Celestine's speech, even if it is only 10 minutes, will understand the issues raised by the MLA and the concern especially over the allegations by the Home Minister, Amit Shah, Meghalaya is the first state in terms of corruption.
It is learned that these men got out of the vehicle and went straight to shoot him.
Garland Rymbai, former Secretary of the JSU in his speech said that this incident happened due to the lack of clarity on the border and the acquisition of the state is just a rush to sit in the Secretariat without thinking about the future. .
The ship was on its way to assist its troops in preparing to capture the Ukrainian city of Mariupol.
Although they used to say that they don't have such an intention, the news has spread that they have joined the NPP or the BJP. Mukul Sangma on the allegation that they are trying to split the party.
Police cannot confirm whether he misplaced his gun or whether he intended to shoot himself.
Laishnong H/S School vs Lumpyrtuh Sec School at 9.30 pm.
Shillong, Naitung 7: After searching for a vehicle carrying a police stationery yesterday, the police today found that it was a soldier who carried a police stationery. .
Iranian President Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei has announced a three-day protest in Iran and approved the appointment of Vice President Mohammad Mokhber as president. not foreign to Iran.
“The rules state that in order to form a Select Committee, MPs are required to propose the names of any members without the need for written approval. that the name of the person who has been proposed should not be included or required.
Last year, 273 people were killed in horrific ways.
Tel Aviv: The death toll from Israeli air strikes in Gaza has risen to 680 and 3,700 have been injured in Israel's heavy airstrikes in the area. three days ago.
" Unquote The complaint is against this Regulation No.
Many of them didn't go to school or drop outs! What is more shocking is that even the Prime Minister has planned to flee to Delhi before this day.
Therefore, for the sake of the security of the country, he has introduced the Bill known as CAB
Nongstoiñ November 14: In 40 days we will celebrate the Christmas Day which is the day of the incarnation of our Savior Jesus Christ. you're still sleeping.
Before the meeting, a wreath laying ceremony was held at the statue of Woh Kiang Nangbah and the flag of the Seng was hoisted by the Chief Guest.
Furthermore, shops in the village will be open from 2 pm to 6 pm.
There are 14 MDCs in the UDA, UDP, NPP, HSPDP and MDCs.
On this occasion, the Minister and other dignitaries handed over the Sub-National Certification to East Khasi Hills District for the winner of the Silver Medal which carries a cash prize of T.3 lakh and a medal. rnong carrying a cash prize of T.2 lakh for the districts of West Jaintia Hills, West Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills.
He said that this place is a market for the people to sell their goods but later this place has turned into a place of pleasure, a place of drinking alcohol and it is not known that it is also one of the places of drinking and trading. drugs which intimidate people to go to this place especially at night.
Nongpoh: The residents of Mawdiangum, Nongpoh, yesterday recovered the body of Samla Farming Lyngdoh, who drowned in Wah Lailad in Ri Bhoi District.
FKJGP Nongthymmai Circle President Wankmenlang Tariang said that the school has appreciated the explanation of the Principal and requests the parents to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the school.
Many houses have collapsed due to the collapse of a quarry in the area.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has announced its 195 candidates for the Lok Sabha MP elections.
He said that in fact, even the use of medicinal plants will disappear if people do not know the need or to use that plant just because they do not get the information.
Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first, but Rajasthan scored 390 runs for the loss of four wickets in 50 overs. all the wickets.
On July 8, 2019, Kuwait recorded a maximum temperature of 52.2 degrees Celsius in shady areas and 63 degrees Celsius in sunny areas, according to Gulf News.
Lionel Messi has become a full-time player for Paris Saint-Germain.
In the Under-17 Boys' category, North Liberty HS School beat Ialong Secondary School 7-0
The truth is that the NPP has failed to meet the needs and aspirations of the people and for this reason, they cannot carry out the work it has done”.
According to a thorough investigation by the investigation team, the presence of several drugs in the body of the player was found to have led to the player who wanted to compete in London and Chris Eubank Jr. has been suspended since April.
It's a letter to write.
Those are the roles we have set and we will act on those roles," he said.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, on 3rd June, 2019, Ribiang Sumer lodged a complaint with the Officer In-Charge of Amlarem Police Station. On October 31, 2019, Lucky Dhar attempted to rape a 10 year old girl at her residence in Pdengshakap village, West Jaintia Hills District while she was sleeping. .
Paris Saint-Germain star Lionel Messi has been suspended from the Ligue 1 club for playing football, according to sources. that she had learned of his departure to Saudi Arabia in the past few days without permission from the club's management.
According to information received by the FKJGP, the railway survey has been conducted in Byrnihat and also in Lum Jaintia.
Two of them died shortly afterwards while another died in hospital due to serious injuries.
“We demand this according to the statement of the rebel group which has been made public.
Therefore, you don't have the right to judge.
The teachers' strike is the second phase of the strike which started on 27th July till today.
Slamming the government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma, Purno said that the rule in the state under the leadership of Mukul Sangma is no longer a democratic rule but a tyrannical rule.
He was reportedly stabbed in the head while the Addl.SP received 3 stab wounds in the head.
The meeting was led by KSU President Ohibait Dkhar, Laitphar Syngkrem, President War Jaintia Circle and others.
In a meeting with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) on October 29, 2023 under the leadership of the President, Kong T.Phanbuh, the Women's Organization (WWO) submitted a petition demanding that the The Dorbar Shnong shall also allow women to participate in the discussions and to decide together on any needs within the village so that any village activities can be carried out smoothly with the knowledge. both men and women.
Then I asked again, 'Why not stay with the Romans and the Fellowship?' He replied, 'Yes, not at all, because here in our village there has been a split and three people have come out. one Presbyterian priest, one Catholic priest and one Fellowship priest.
But you know that anxiety is one of the things that can frighten a person to the point of worrying about the future, about his family or about things that make you think about what will happen in the future. what is happening now.
He said that this step is also part of the important thing that as the owners of the Raid they are happy and it is necessary to have this special recognition for the leaders to the areas of Raid Shabong, because there are Many places have unique characteristics that are more difficult to find in other places in Meghalaya.
He scored his last goal for Manchester United on 12 November 1987 in a 3-1 win over Oxford United.
“The State Government often knows only how to issue laws and regulations but who will follow up? The wish of the Hima is to follow up and take responsibility with all the Village Authorities including the Village Authorities. the village council, the raid council and the Hima council.
However, we don't think that just by playing this song, the government will be in trouble.
Police said that Bah Shullai had lodged a complaint that members of the KSU and FKJGP had stolen a loudspeaker from his vehicle worth T.40,0
Speaking on the prevalence of TB and the preventive measures, Dr. Kyndiah said that in the area alone, there are at least 15 people every month who come to take TB medicine. “We are also worried because this disease does not spread to one person but to others,” he said.
The SP said that there was also an accident between a dumper and a Maruti car near Mahari petrol pump and this incident caused a traffic jam in the Mawlai area.
Allan West, Secretary of the Forum, told reporters that they are only assisting the KHADC to run smoothly and raise funds for the Forum. tamsa but besides helping, they were accused of stealing.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Samla Eric Nongkynrih, Assistant General Secretary, KSU Central Executive Council, encouraged the youth to take part in such games.
His son, Faisa Patel, said the Rajya Sabha member from Gujarat passed away at 3.30 am.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) on Tuesday confirmed the new office bearers of the JSM Thadlaskein Circle.
However, he said that it is necessary to remind the youth that many times good or bad things come from the youth.
Speaking on an ABC programme, Priyanka said, “I don't know how to cook and I tell the truth, when he proposed to me and I said, “You come from a good family with your mother. , she used to cook a lot of delicious food, but you married someone who doesn't know how to cook,” Priyanka told Nick Jonas.
“Many who said and especially from the Opposition have demanded that (the Government) should cooperate with various groups.
He said that the incident of murder of a child from Sawmer which the police claimed to have arrested the robber when the truth is that the robber was informed by his mother to arrest him after he confessed. the hard work of the police to arrest.
The crowd learned about this and after the arrangement, they agreed to march slowly to protest near the new venue,” he said.
“Why do we urge the people to support our candidates because we have ensured that the Sixth Schedule areas in the state will be exempt from the implementation of the CAA,” said Bah Tynsong. He was speaking at the election campaign in Iawpynsin, Wahiajer, West Jaintia Hills on the 11th of this month.
Shillong, Nailur, 29: Following the announcement in the Legislative Assembly on the need to build a Medium Fly Over or Skywalk, the MLA of North Shillong Constituency has submitted a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs. The State Government of Meghalaya, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday.
He said that the school should continue to produce more leaders who have the responsibility to work for the nation.
I also hope that at least 30 to 40 percent of the traffic jam will be reduced after the relocation of the Legislative Assembly and government offices to New Shillong Township.
but Naidu refused saying that the rule cannot be changed,” said Bah Ronnie.
He was speaking at the awarding ceremony of the Union of Shiphew Dorbar Shnongs of West Shillong Constituency held on the evening of the 29th of this month at Lumdiengjri Dorbar Hall.
On the other hand, the residents of Nongtalang have requested the authorities of the bank to take action to send an engineer immediately to repair the computers to relieve the residents from the problem. to put away good things.
The President, Bah John F Kharshiing, congratulated the officials of 58 GTC for opening the way to hold the short range championship at Madanryting.
The collapse of the roof of the State Legislative Assembly was the most violent collapse and a murder, Zenith said.
It carries a cash prize of T.1 lakh and a Momento.
Wow! The children ask for food, the father looks after the trees and the branches of the house, where will we get food? There are those who go to ask for food from the village chiefs but they don't get it either. They went to ask those who used to pay them but they didn't get an answer.
-B.M.LanongShillong, Iaiong 18 : With the intention of throwing us into the Indian Ocean, in recent times, three flags of the BJP government from Delhi have appeared and this is now the fourth, no longer not only the dress, but the law, that whether you like it or not, you must learn Hindi.
In this regard, the beef traders have urged the state government and the state MP, Bah Vincent H Pala to talk to the central government to stop this project.
While acknowledging the involvement of the villagers, the RBYF Mawhati Circle has stopped blaming them, saying that their recognition is a responsibility with the Forest Department.
He said that the FASToM leaders will leave Shillong on Thursday evening to attend a public meeting of Adhoc School Teachers to be held at Tura, West Garo Hills District on Saturday. support in the conduct of the protest to strengthen the demand of the State Government.
The ANTF seized 278.03 grams of heroin weighing 278.03 grams and hidden in 26 soap boxes.
It's not the right injection, but the right injection.
Tengsak said that Damaya-iaka Grace Suiam, an English teacher appointed at Tura Govt.
Shillong, November 28: The Forever Young will hold a jngi competition at midnight on the 31st of this month to welcome the New Year
He said that the presence of these Community Resource Centers or Dorbar Halls in many villages will benefit the people of the villages whether it is in holding Dorbar Shnongs and other activities. Not only that, even those households who do not have the funds to build large houses when they need them for weddings can use this hall for the preparation of parties.
Fedrick Suchen (Shymplong SC) won the Golden Boy of the Tournament award, Denis Chyrmang (Umkiang) won the Golden Boy of the Tournament award and Ratacherra CSC won the Discipline Team award. Lumshnong YWSC won the cash prize. Ratacherra Lumtrom received T.30,000 and a trophy.
As a leader, he demanded that the state government should take action on the problems faced by the ASHA workers. Their salary is at least T.5000, so that they can help or support their families, as they are among the frontline workers during this time of COVID-1 .
Chapman scored 71 runs without losing a wicket from 42 balls and 104 runs from 57 balls in those two innings to finish the match with He has now moved up 45 places to 35th in June 2018, after scoring 290 runs in the aggregate.
We must also understand that there is a big difference between the word ‘leader’ and the word ‘leader.
Shillong, June 20 : The People's Democratic Front (PDF), one of the parties in the MDA coalition government, has said that it strongly opposes the compulsory teaching of Hindi in schools in the state.
He said that at present he does not have time to hold the elections, because as an MLA he has one year left to serve the people before reaching the new elections and let others run the elections but he, as an MLA. MLA will work for the people.
What is more, if a person wants to stay in the house, he has to pay the rent and if the owners of the house do not give it, he can lodge a complaint with the DC against the owner of the house.
The house also has a pajwa whose head is parallel to the floor of the house.
He said that as a public leader he has found that many families not only in his constituency suffer from illness or tragic incidents because they do not have an ambulance to take them to health centres.
To improve the income of the farmers, the MPFWPO has started the cultivation of rice along with fish known as 'Paddy Fish' Culture'.
It may be recalled that Sohryngkham and Madanrting police have arrested these seven persons after receiving a complaint that on the 30th these seven persons had arrested Bah Halor and tortured him.
The road connecting many villages in East and West Jaintia Hills District, but is still a rough road which has caused the residents to live in poverty due to the poor condition of the road from Rymbai, Bataw to Borkhat and other villages on the India-Bangladesh border.
He said that the recent killing of a woman has shown that the existing gates are not sufficient to prevent the entry and exit of mynder from the area.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Vidarbha by 32 runs in the first match of the Vijay Hazare Trophy in Jaipur today.
“We will have to find a place elsewhere,” the sports minister said.
God's prophets performed many miracles and wonders because they obeyed God and His Word.
Bisharlang Pyngrope from Mawlyngad village in East Khasi Hills District, who has worked as the Principal of TMT Higher Secondary School, Pfutsero, Nagaland and is currently working at St. Michael's Higher Secondary School, Umsning. He was appointed as the Convenor of Meghalaya by the National Executive Council on 22nd November
Shinde, in this regard, said that his meeting with Pawar was part of the meeting to exchange greetings and wishes.
Shillong, July 04: BJP Meghalaya President Ernest Mawrie on Tuesday said that the attack on Christians in Chhattisgarh and the damage to a Catholic church on Tuesday “It happened in a state ruled by the Congress and not the BJP. Therefore, the Congress should not hold hands and blame the BJP for this incident.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) will continue to monitor this and will write to the Chief Minister and Deputy Chief Minister, that these residents of Baikam, want to be part of the Baikam. Meghalaya and that they should be allowed to come to Meghalaya because it is not easy for them to live and work with Assam, because of the differences in all aspects from food and drink, language and culture. customs and dustur are different.
These receptors, or cells that receive the virus, are located in the lungs and respiratory tract and then spread to other parts of the body.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, BJP candidate from Shillong, on Tuesday said that the BJP is currently in alliance with the AGP and BPF in Assam. while the Congress is working with the AIUDF, a party founded by Badruddin Ajmal, a prominent leader of the Bangladeshi Muslim community.
The Cabinet meeting, organized by the Madhya Pradesh Government, took a decision on 18th November 2020 with the aim of providing special care to all cows. don't have this State.
Shillong: The Meghalaya State Coal Owners' Forum (MSCCOMETDF) is the first organization to submit a petition after the ban on mining. in 2014 to the National Green Tribunal and now recently to the Supreme Court.
In a tweet, I told the Prime Minister to maintain peace because of these various conflicts and as an Indian, I have the right to speak on this.
The SNSBH has also met with the Defense Minister Rajnat Singh and the Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs in charge of the Eastern Region of India to urge them to expedite the approval of the VAB which is urgently needed to empower the Rangbah Shnongs of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Andre Marriner has announced his retirement from refereeing after 20 years in charge of the Premier League.
Shillong: The Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (ASHA) today held a meeting to discuss the problems they are facing due to the government's non-release of funds. which is the share they are supposed to benefit from the government.
“As a Jaitbynriew, we are still very sorry to lose such a Rangphawar who used to speak the truth for the sake of the people of the country,” said Laiphew Syiem Khad Ar Daloi. said the statement.
Prayers were also held in different parts of the state including Ladrymbai, Dawki, Nongpoh and other places.
When asked whether the District Council can give its opinion to the government for the implementation of the ILP in the state, Pynshngain said, “Until now we have not taken a decision whether to support or oppose the ILP. the ILP".
Now let us turn a little bit to the Eleventh Schedule of the Indian Constitution.
Many political parties have been struggling to survive because the people and leaders have suddenly turned into jutang, without understanding the reasons why they support whom and reject whom.
On the measures to protect the trees around the area where these new structures have been prepared, the CM said, “We will take strict care to ensure that there will be no felling of trees during the implementation of the to these new buildings.
Through a letter, John F Kharshiing has expressed his condemnation to Conrad K Sangma regarding the condemnation of the FKS regarding the ongoing clashes from Ichamati, Shella and Shillong and demanded that the government should punish them. immediately to those involved.
Speaking to the public on Sunday, Imran Khan expressed his anger against those Punjab police officials who were involved in the raid on his residence on that day.
Ma Andrew Shullai in his speech, said that his joining the TMC party was well thought out.
The ceremony was held at the residence of former Umroi MLA, Ma Ngaitlang Dhar in Umroi Nongrah. The ceremony was attended by Laniewkypang Nongrum and her parents. The meeting was attended by the President of the NPYF Umroi Block, Bah Pynhun Rynghang, Samla Damanbait Bha Lamare, Samla Pyndap Wahlang, President of the NPYF Ri Bhoi District and other leaders and members of the NPYF from Umroi Block.
It should also allow some vehicles to load or pick up those people who have bought a lot of goods or it should set a time for the vehicles to pass.
Thus, the rangbah rangsan became very strong.
KHNAM General Secretary Batkupar Wahlang said that Kharkongor loves the HSPDP more than KHNAM as he has shown.
Rinibeth said this while speaking at a public awareness meeting at Pynthorkba village, Moolang.
The Minister also congratulated the Mawsor family for their ability to donate a small amount of land for the construction of a school building in the village. During the meeting with the doctors at the health camp, the Minister learned that diabetes and hypertension are the most common diseases. She appealed to the villagers to send themselves for examination to the nearest sub-centres or public health centers as it will bring many benefits to their health.
In 2010, there were three tenderers but they were rejected for failing to meet the requirements set by the central government department.
At present, the party will find it difficult to survive even in
On the other hand, the Seng has requested the Board to take immediate action on this issue and at the same time the Seng has requested the authorities to take strict action and punish these factories. If nothing can be done within two months, the Seng will shut down these illegal factories in the area.
At the end of the meeting, the farmers came forward to congratulate the Minister for his efforts to free the farmers of the State from the difficulty of getting fertilizers. along with the price increase which is excessive from the smuggling.
During the inspection, the reporter also had the opportunity to talk to many of the residents of the village, where they expressed all the problems they have faced as residents of the village. It is located in the border areas with Assam.
The injured were taken to hospitals and some were sent to Khasi medicine doctors, the report said.
Shillong: No rainfall was expected in Shillong from 8.30 am to 2.30 pm today, according to the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD). Shillong, 13.2mm long.
Hundreds of people demanded that the Chairman of Ummulong Village, Briwon Pohshna and the Secretary of Ummulong Village, Pyrkhatbha Lamare, should resign immediately.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) has announced that AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA rice for the month of March (October), 2024 has been released to all wholesalers for delivery to FPS centers from 11 -14th October The Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) will be distributed at the rate of 35 kilos per card in urban and rural areas free of charge.
Shillong: Congress MLA Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the government should consider and explain to the public the proposal to build the Umngot Hydro Electric Project and the government cannot be blind. the impact of this dam.
Shillong, March 26 : The State Government on Tuesday honored the athletes who have won medals in the tournaments from Turkey, Thailand and Vietnam.
The discussion opened with the question, “...Good Teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life? Jesus talks to a Jewish young man and from the conversation it is clear that the young man has knowledge and education, in addition to wealth.
A speech was also delivered by the Myntri Shnong Mawpud, Bah S.Basanha who encouraged the FKJGP to continue to work together especially for the betterment of the FKJGP. dong to the area.
The Secretary of the village, Bah K Lyngdoh, said that the village has been neglected in development projects such as water supply, roads and others, and since its establishment the village has not received any assistance from the government. , thus the visit of the BDO has encouraged the village to participate in the development works like other villages.
After 6 months, if they show symptoms again, they should be treated again.
This amount has been increased from T.1 lakh to T.3 lakh.
Great Mercy Langte requests you to vote for me through our Facebook page by clicking on the Fashion Wizard and you will find the photo with your name, like and get 1 vote, share 2 votes. bad symbol 1 vote.
To go to the Supreme Court of the country, you can win the case, only if you can hide that mountain.
Adal Poonawalla, CEO of the Serum Institute of India in Pune, said his company had already received a profit from the price of Rs 150 per injection.
So far, 46 cases have been confirmed in different hospitals, including 27 cases in East Khasi Hills, 9 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in South Garo Hills and 4 cases in West Jaintia Hills. Hills, and one in Ri Bhoi.
A case has been registered at Tura Women PS under the POCSO Act and the investigation is ongoing.
How can we give it to other foreigners who come suddenly and steal the ticket?
On the other hand, the union urges the government to expedite this work and how it will do it is up to the government.
Therefore, the party does not recognize LG Nongsiej as a member of the HSPDP or the President of the Nongstoin Area Unit.
Thus, Tyrso and its surroundings will become famous in the world and with the arrival of foreigners every day, two days or a month, they come to spend money in Tyrso and the village will grow rapidly.
Banteidor said that he wants to get these facilities before the election season because WJDSA and Jowai deserve to get these facilities to raise the standard of sports in football, athletics and others. other games.
The SRS JH has also decided not to issue syrnod to the residents until the Governor approves the Bill sent by the JHADC. “We don't need an ordinance but we need a full law to function as Rangbah Shnong,” he said. LD Lakiang, Vice President and chairman of the meeting.
The study also examined the relationship between hypertension and high blood pressure in children.
However, this allegation of the Seng Samla was denied by other groups among the children of the Hima who said that the Syiem had done this with the consent of the Dorbar Hima.
Kharshanlor said the Border Minister has promised to talk to the Central Government on this issue.
Indian Minister Shobha Karandlaje and several BJP MPs have lodged a complaint with the Speaker over Rahul Gandhi's resignation.
Dutta took three wickets for 16 runs while Ajima Sangma took two wickets for 19 runs in 10 overs.
the only thing that could convince him is if Al Hilal make a maximum bid for this season before he joins Madrid as a free agent in
At the time of writing, no details were known about it.
The injured were shifted to Shillong Hospital.
They were taken back by the Dong Mission Village Authority under the leadership of General Secretary Bah Donkupar War to stay at the Dorbar Hall Mission Compound until the fire was extinguished. hostel.
The song was performed by the Khasi singer, Ibalucky Sad and the tyngshop, Teiborlin Wanniang.
The new party should have objectives to introduce economic, social, environmental, mining, educational policies and reforms to improve the knowledge of the masses so that we can understand the laws and regulations of the areas. they are not related to everyday life.
If you look at the roads around the state, you will see that there is no water supply on both sides of the road.
All the 103 athletes are from East Khasi Hills District and for more information, the organizers are requested to visit the office of the District Sports Officer, Shillong or the office of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association. JN Stadium, Shillong from 30th July to 3rd June 2023 from 10 am to 4 pm.
The Umkhen River is used by 20 villages which do not exist in New Shillong and if this river is polluted it will cause problems to the government in the future as happened to the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers.
He said that there will also be people who will teach and demonstrate how to cultivate rice according to the modern era which will benefit them.
Let us teach from the household.
However, when this good intention will come true, we will see but we hope that the dream of the sohphan farmers will come true (to convert our dream into reality) one day. All the good and necessary projects in our state have disappeared only halfway.
When you buy a new board, you have to install an electronic one.
“We have received complaints about the presence of some illegal brokers who collect money from trucks with proper Challans who carry cows along the road,” said Bah Donbok Dkhar.
Three goals were scored by Banteibor Syngkrem and two by Rimi O Lyngdoh.
He said that they need a lot of information on mental health because many of us don't have enough information on mental health, symptoms, why, and how it affects a person's life.
Banks use electricity to kill insects, or ultraviolet light, on banknotes and then put them in a secure safe for 14 days. and they shall deliver them for the needs of the people.
New Delhi: The Nari Shakti Vandan Bill, also known as the Nari Shakti Vandan Bill, has attracted strong criticism from the Lok Sabha and State Legislative Assemblies. Abdul Bari Siddiqui, senior leader of the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD), said that through the bill, women will be filled with dress codes and dress codes. who have shown their own images.
The incident happened at 12:00 pm this morning, when the ambulance, driven by Batskhem Nongtraw, was on its way to The Jeep, which was sent to Guwahati, collided with the Jeep, but fortunately, no one was injured in the accident.
The writer also performed the ritual, but by a man who was not righteous.
:In order to raise awareness among the public about the working of the voting system ahead of the Lok Sabha elections, the District Election Office (DEO) has launched a mobile awareness campaign on the Electronic Voting Machine (EVM). on November 11th.
Nominations should be submitted on or before the above date to the Chairman or Secretary of the Election Committee.
The school was established by the Seng Khasi and especially by Rangbah Rash Mohon Roy Nongrum with the desire to educate and educate the children in the roots, principles and purpose of the Seng Khasi.
Referring to the match between Langsning FC and Mawlai SC, the game was equal and both the teams showed their skills to create a goal and Mawlai SC managed to score only after. In the 10th minute, Dajiedlang Wanshnong scored the first goal of the match.
“The incident about the sick cow came to my attention through twitter.
Police are searching for the person responsible for taking the woman's precious life.
“This is just a joke,” said the young man.
In a statement, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that the family of Markaret Jarain has been evicted from the Dorbar Shnong Khlieh Umtrew Tdoh of Raid Mawbuh in Myllem Syiemship since year 1995.
“The NEC has its own rules and regulations, which we don't blame because they have to follow them but if the Ministry improves these rules and regulations, which I mentioned at the meeting, “We will be able to implement all these in a very short time,” said Conrad K Sangma.
The Government has nothing to say on this, but the directive to the district authorities is to take action and decisions according to their needs.
At the same time, he said that the Prime Minister should bring about impartial governance.
He said that as the residents of the village, they are grateful for their service and dedication and therefore as the party urges the Jaidbynriew, the Dorbar Shnongs and everyone to give their full support to the ASHAs in this struggle. their.
"He said that when Bah Basaïawmoit came, he invited him to have a drink, and afterwards, the leader asked him to take a picture to remember which he (Amazing) agreed. .
It is impossible to know the end of human rule, but until the rulers are no longer in power on earth, this man of sin will take advantage of ruling.
Assam Police on the 10th of this month have arrested a man from Gohpur, Sonitpur District who is suspected to be involved in the murder of his wife.
Training and demonstration was conducted on how to react when trapped in a collapsed building, how to provide emergency treatment to the victims, how to load the injured into ambulances, The mock exercise was also attended by representatives of various government departments including the Police, Fire and Emergency Services, Civil Defense and Home Guards, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the Residents from different villages, assistants from NSS Units from Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat, Don Bosco College, Byndihati and others also came to take part.
The place to go to the pi, when you think about it, it shouldn't be too expensive, but when the owner thinks it's too expensive, that too, we can't do anything; But what we need to talk about, or what the Sengbhalang, needs to think more about, is that the price of tea is very expensive and even if you eat meat, in the market and in the market, the price varies up to three times. and four shah and then many other necessities, which have increased three, four shah between the Iewduh and the Police Bazaar.
With today's victory, Selsella have moved up to second place in Group D, which is the second time in the tournament with three draws.
On the other hand, the DGP requested the cooperation of the Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs to curb the spread of drugs in the village.
Shillong, Iaiong 28 : The government should not grant the demand of the Kharmetor because the government cannot give land to those who work under it.
However, in this way, children and women are busy fetching water rather than spending time doing other activities to earn a living or studying.
In Meghalaya, the people welcome the rule of lies, thanksgiving, sarong, kyreit, slander, and the people no longer care what happens to the kings and worshipers ('Lei san nem) and he that overcometh shall reign.
Later, the Chief Minister also cut the cake for the 25th Anniversary of the College and laid the foundation stone of the Science Block with the financial assistance of the Rashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abhiyan (RUSA) MHRD of the CM.
Similarly, the Word of God says, “Our inheritance has been turned over to foreigners.
The trust of the people has been lost because the opposition is no longer united.
The employer, not only shall not exploit his employees or overly demand their capacity, but shall also ensure that he provides or employs them with employment that is appropriate to human beings. and their strength, men for men, women for women, kings for kings, and children for children.
The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, laid and inaugurated 7 foundation stones on the same day for the construction and improvement of roads and bridges in Jowai and surrounding villages. Constituency.
This is the government's action after consultation with a group of Rangbah Shnongs according to their wishes.
Similarly, it is the same with our state which is so clean, but there are many other signs in the villages.
This should spread not only in Khasi Hills but also in the whole country so that we can stand against and fight hard not to allow this Draft EIA 2020 to become law. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has allocated T.20 crore for the construction of the existing road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji. T.1 crore for the MDCs of KHADC besides the T.2 crore allocated for each MDC, which means that the share of each MDC is now T.3 crore.
Shillong: Regarding the shooting death of a Khasi youth in Khyndailad, Shillong on Friday night, the leader of the taxi drivers said that the victims were still waiting for the news, while the other was still waiting. sit in the car.
The State Government is preparing to generate revenue of up to T.1,500 crore from the sale of sohphan.
Amartya Sen (Indian Economist) in his opening article makes it clear that development does not depend only on economic growth, but on the freedom to live and enjoy life. you don't have to work.
I would like to advise the LROs that their resignation is meaningless, because it is not a bad word, to criticize others is not good especially in a country where there is freedom to worship in one's faith.
Sanjay Yadav (2/30), Ravi Teja (1/13), Aditya Singhania (1/24) and Abhay Negi (1) also took wickets for Meghalaya. /37).
He said that the ILP is necessary not only to curb the influx of foreigners but also to prevent the wealthy from coming to the state to steal their wealth from the state. Meghalaya.
On this basis, Raja Brahma together with the Ri Bhoi Police, went to investigate, by meeting with the village leaders and to find out the truth about the seizure of these pipes by the Assamese. Therefore, in the discussion, it was found that these water pipes were not illegally imported by the Meghalaya government, but were delivered by the contractors to implement the scheme. There are 100,000 people living in Ummat village through the Government of Meghalaya.
“The HSPDP, UDP and PDF have cooperated with us because they don't feel uncomfortable with the leadership of the Congress,” he said.
However, when the residents of Lapangap went to harvest the rice from their fields, it was at this time that a clash broke out.
He said that not only three villages which Mono Areng has planned to sell but only 7413 villages have been affected by 13 villages. you intend to sell these land.
It was also directed that hand-carried donations should not be accepted, but should be allowed to be sent online.
As one of the leaders who has always had the desire to work and serve for the people in Umsning Constituency, Bah Donkupar Sumer said that this is the opportunity for the UDP to form a government and win glory across the country. Umsning Civil Sub Division and Civil Hospital are the most important issues that the people need. to facilitate services in government offices as well as health.
In addition, through the statement, that during the inspection, the people who will be arrested by the office of the DTO Nongpoh, will inspect and impose fines on those drivers who use the seat belt, the use of the seat belt. helmets for those who drive two wheelers with them, and if found guilty of violating the rules, they will be punished according to the provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act.
The question is whether the garbage disposal is the easiest way to clean up the garbage in Jowai.
Shillong: The body of a newborn child was found in the middle of the Umkhrah Iewrynghep River on Tuesday afternoon.
When Jesus saw his mother weeping, he said, “Woman, behold your son!
Up to 53 Hima from all over the country have attended the event.
Shillong, March 6: A Jeep (ML-05-6333) driven by Dinos Lymba (27 years old) collided with another vehicle at 9:15 pm on the 5th of this month. Likshon Ryndong, 38 years old.
The program was conducted by the Deputy Commissioner, LNS Dykes Garod, in the presence of various religious leaders to hold a prayer to commemorate the day.
Shillong, March 13: Five to seven houses have been affected by an earthquake in Dobasipara, Tura, West Garo Hills on Tuesday night. there is no one else who is not hurt.
The presence of special subjects will save the nation, which is the head of the days, the storms and the storms continue to blow, the narsaw continue to spread through this nation.
Conrad K. Sangma was speaking at the opening of two programmes, DREAM and BUILD at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
The discussion at the meeting with the Garo Hills Sengbhalang was mostly on the employment policy and the Expert Committee. the Roster System.
As it is a matter of discussion according to the news published in Rupang, Rupang has summarized the discussion of the MDCs on this issue in their respective speeches which was held today in the House. .
“The BJP is a party that has been united since the Mandals and we don't work only when elections come,” he said.
When they reached Motphran, they died on the way.
Shillong, July 15: Some health centres, whether they are mission hospitals of the Presbyterian Church or Catholic Church, have been treating patients with deafness until they have lost their ears. The ticket fee is T.100 each and if you count the doctor's fee, it will be T.200 which is too low and they don't pay at all. , those who go to work on Saturdays are senior officers, who earn lakhs of rupees a month.
A family ruled by love is like a house built on rock (Lk 6:47-49) (1) A good Father:- He is a true elder who is responsible for his wife and children, who rules in love, who provides for his family in all ways.
Although Dr. DD Lapang has left the party, Bah Mayral Born Syiem said that the Congress party is still united under his leadership as MLA and to strengthen the party. Party, especially in the preparation for the MDC and MP elections as well.
Government Minister and MLA Khliehriat inaugurated the basketball court of Lotus Higher Secondary School, Diengshynrum.
First place winners: Lorenza Songthiang Senior women Rangkynsai Lynshing, Kitbok Dkhar, Daniella Mylliemngap Senior women lowkick, Lamphrang Kharsahnoh Senior women lowkick Fedrick Khongsit wallace Dkhar Junior boys full contact Lorenza Songthiang Senior women light contact Lorenza Songthiang Senior women light contact Mebaniaidshaphrang Kharumnuid junior boys kicklight Wander Maring senior men light contact Sumarlang Marwein senior men light contact.
It is feared that the price of construction will increase further as the price of materials and wages increase from time to time.
“It is better to rule for one day like a lion than to rule until the end of the term of a goat,” said the CEM. fight against it even in the Supreme Court if necessary"
The deadline for receipt of application forms will be on the 13th of this month at the offices of various blocks of the district.
“Where are you going...” Lanosha asked.
The program was conducted by Dr.H.Rymbai and a speech was delivered by Dr.J.Uchoi who explained the importance of land races and production methods. and to maintain them.
The people have great power and all of us, whether we are big or small, must remember that we must come out through the Rynsan U Paidbah.
Two HSPDP MLAs, Methodius Dkhar and Shakliar Warjri, have joined the NPP-led MDA-2 government. The General Secretary, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, has conducted an inspection of Trading License from the factories in Umiam and at the same time, they have visited Umiam to inquire about the number of foreign workers. working without a license in various factories in the area.
Shillong: Dioridian Marpna, 73, of Mawlai Nonglumleit, Shillong, has died of covid-19 confirmation in Shillong on 08-08-2 Pneumonia with co-morbid ities.
The relatives of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa have expressed their gratitude and thanks to the Government of Meghalaya for helping to bring back the body of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa.
Also present on the occasion were the Chairperson of Handicrafts and Handloom, Santa Mary Shylla, Commissioner & Secretary Social Welfare, Pravin Bakshi and others.
On Tuesday, a plane from China brought in 10 million masks and PPE. We as the Sahsniang-A Youth Welfare Organisation), we are surprised to see the news published on 27/04/2020 in Rupang through Thomas Passah (Spoke Person) of HBDRF regarding the statement of Sahsniang Village that it does not allow the Mowjem village to buy food through our village.
He also admitted that the BJP does not want to contest MP in Meghalaya because it does not feel that it has reached the goal in the Lok Sabha elections but it has used the NPP to win the MP elections in the Rajya Sabha. to do as necessary in the Rajya Sabha.
“I will conduct a thorough investigation as the Prime Minister on this,” he said.
The Prime Minister said they believe that health and well-being can improve the strength of all.
Prizes including a cash prize of T.20,000 were awarded to Mawsaiñ Sports Club as the winner and Mawbidong Sports Club for the runner up with a cash prize of T.10,0 Wadbor Mylliem who won the best smash award of Mawsaiñ Sports Club.
“APEX is very different from the daily training we receive at school.
In the Junior category, Mewan and Anu were first, Veronica Shabong second and Celiana Thongni third.
“I have received information that there are up to 3 lakh drug addicts in the state,” said Tsering. the news.
“There are many issues that we have to do and I have my part too, now I have more time to think about the work of the party,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone said it is necessary to understand that the central government has not yet approved or passed the budget for this year and not only for Meghalaya but for the country as a whole.
This message was given to Daniel by the angel Gabriel in the year 539 B.C.
On the other hand, the Nongkrem MLA and Chairman of the MSPB, congratulated the district administration of Ri Bhoi and also those working at the Screening Centre, for their hard work. to bring peace to the people of the state as a whole.
In the 25 overs, EGH scored 126 runs for the loss of all wickets in 22.3 overs.
A 52-year-old man from Karimganj, eastern Assam, has tested positive for Covid-1
On the other hand, COMSO said that if the Government of India continues to do so after 8th June 2020, they will hold another meeting to announce strong protests.
However, it is not appropriate to compare Shillong with other cities as other cities have already started the work earlier,” said Bah Dhar in reply to a question in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday.
Shillong, Nailur, 12: After the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, said that the notifications issued by the Government to fully implement the CPC & CrPC in all the Courts in the State will not affect the The HYC on Friday said that the powers and authority of the Village Courts (Village Courts, Raid Courts & Hima or Elaka Courts) and District Council Courts. The Prime Minister said that this is only a speech and the party has sought clarification on many issues that will arise from the implementation of this Act.
Many of the leaders and rulers are corrupt.
A larger door should be built to allow the chickens to enter or leave, and the house should not be narrow, harmful, or disturbing to the chickens.
Let us also remember the divine thought of the Lord Jesus Christ on this Easter day.
If the shops in Polo were closed at 3-4 pm, how can the sponges in Ïewmulong not be closed from the Government property, besides there are many laws and Meghalaya Public Premises? Eviction of Unauthorized Occupants Act 1980? In Polo, who runs without a patlun, who falls into the water, who comes lymbuit to the water, who comes and attacks shops in the dark, why not do the same in Ïewmulong? parking spaces and to keep the Ïewduh-ïew niam clean? The people are like dkhiew in Shillong, turning to the passing vehicles, from women to children; There is no fly-over.
“Regarding the electricity problem, the department holds a meeting every day, the problem is that in the state up to 4 units have been lost and NEEPCO has also lost its electricity supply. reported that its two units were missing “he said.
This is only an attempt of the first phase.
The people may make mistakes but the government should not make mistakes but should correct the mistakes of the people not only to avoid them but also to achieve them.
He could not walk or work at will.
For more information, please call EC Dkhar President 6909750730, D Tang General Secretary 9615686180, B Shadap 7005602213 and D Rymbai Assistant Secretary Tournament
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday said that in connection with the elections, not only in Meghalaya, but also in the country as a whole, it is difficult to prevent the participation of people.
Even the BJP has alleged that the FOCUS scheme is a money taken by the MDA government from abroad and the people who receive this scheme have to pay the fees. ram with interest.
On the other hand, he felt that it was an honor for him to watch the Premier League as he himself is a football fan.
Regarding the issue of child marriage, Bah B.Kurbah, District Child Protection Officer (DCPO) West Khasi Hills District, said, “Child marriage is one of the most important issues. the social impact of and it also causes students to drop-out and this is one major reason why the society is facing many problems.
When they had finished, they returned to Iing Sad and played bombs and ksing from Wah Umiew to Tyngkong Ing Sad and then danced mastieh.
“We wish not to reveal ourselves outside and we can conduct an interview, if it is anonymous.
Surprisingly, he said, the village has been in darkness for three months due to the loss of the transformer, but the electricity bill has been calculated the same even after it has not been used.
“I am pleased to inform this House that the State Government has decided to resolve the remaining seven venues.
The NHIDCL has submitted to the Court a letter written to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills on 25th October, 2023, stating that the suspension of work in many areas is due to lack of has not yet received permission from the government.
The first quarter final of the IV UUP Invitation Football Tournament 2023 has been held on the ninth day of the Pynursla Football Tournament 2023 today. 2023.
The national team may miss out on the Asian Games for the second time due to the failure of the football team to meet the criteria set by the Asian Games. country's sports ministry, so it may lose its participation in Hangzhou.
The incident took place at Balua Bazar, Mishra's village, in Supaul district.
According to the relatives of the deceased, the family members of the deceased have tried to find out where he went or where he went, but as of now they have not received any information where he went. This has caused a lot of trouble to the family because they don't know where he has gone or where he has gone.
Kharjahrin advised the new office bearers led by Roykupar and other members how to be ready to stand firm in the struggle and struggle for the nation.
He also praised the vision of Mahbubul Hoque for being a blessing to the students in the state and the North East, as it has been one of the most important educational institutions in the country. It is expected that the university will produce new stars and intellectuals who will build the future of the state and the country as a whole.
At the same time, the DSEO has directed that the school authorities should ensure that the students should drink properly the water and if any of the students get sick they should be taken immediately to the hospital. that bag treatment.
These are some of the many problems in the education sector,” he said.
How we accept and what we do, is up to the readers.
The statement of Bah Adelbert “that on 25-03-2022 there is a demand for the resignation of the president, is untrue and unfounded, because in this meeting the issue is that it is necessary to understand first. to forgiveness in order to reach peace.
The union's objection and disagreement is that these foreign exporters, when they apply for NOC, also send a copy to the Governor & Chief Minister of the state which shows their scheme. there is nothing wrong with that.
On the other hand, the two Rangbah Shnongs of Gillagora, RT Sangma and PM Sangma of Upper Gillagora, alleged that the police know well where the water tanks belonging to the state government are. is why they have not been able to name those people who are involved in this task of cutting the pipes of the government.
Those who want to escape from the slavery of drugs, come now, don't be afraid, no one will hurt you, don't be afraid, section 64A of the NDPS Act 1985 will protect you if you accept treatment (not traders/vendors).
They mentioned the construction of the road behind the Law Kyntang and the roads.
The Government has sent Police to assist the people affected by the earthquake in East Jaintia Hills District and has also deployed a boat in South West Garo Hills District to assist those affected by the floods.
Of these, 281 are from Kamrup (metro), 202 from Kamrup (rural), 140 from Cachar, 129 from Sonitpur, 117 from Dibrugarh, 114 from Nagaon and 105 from Jorhat.
The incident occurred at Dr Zakir Husain Hospital in Nashik district of Maharashtra due to a faulty seal in the oxygen tank of the hospital.
In a letter to the Governor, the MPF has informed the Governor from the beginning to the end of the incident, saying that under Article 179 of the Constitution of India and Section 135 of the Rule of Procedure and Conduct of Business in the court; On October 10, James K Sangma, Witting Mawsor, Dr Jemino Mawthoh and John Leslie K Sangma, issued a statement demanding the resignation of AT Mondal. spirit in the council on this matter.
P.C has directed everyone to wear masks in all public places or in any workplace.
Pa'iem Ainam had earlier taken over the post of Acting Syiem for only three days and the KHADC had brought back Pa'iem Ricky, but now the KHADC has brought back him.
We don't know what the opinion of the Syiem of Mylliem and the District Council or the State Government is, but one of the most important things is that the closure of the market, as it has created many markets, if it is in Upper Shillong, Lad Smit, Mawiong and other places.
Shillong: On the 1st of July, at 11.55 pm, the song of Twinkle Grace Iawrod will be broadcast on 9xm channel. Gold medalist, semi final season 3, to qualify for the grand finale of the India Talent Fight TV Show and will also be the pride of Meghalaya as a whole.
“Many young people don't know how we got Meghalaya especially the young people and it is necessary to remind by writing, making documentaries, articles to remind and honor the fighters of the hill state,” he said.
He thanked the Principal, HOD Department of Khasi, who took the initiative to make this day a success.
“What has happened has happened in the past, we don't need to look back or reconsider because this will be a problem for the state government as well as the people.
Furthermore, Kalpana Saini stressed the need to further develop the Smart Cities Mission; Vandana Chauhan praised the ICCCs and their work during the COVID-19 pandemic and other challenges for the prevention of diseases; AKP Chinraj stressed the need to bring in skills in key areas such as transportation, water supply and garbage disposal and others in these cities; Ramesh Bidhuri praised the implementation of smart city initiatives by introducing measures such as the Ease of Living Index and Climate Smart Cities.
However, this has confirmed that in the 2018 MLA election, she will be one of the candidates who is ready to contest against Bah Brol.
If we talk about it in detail, I find that the government is still wrong in terms of these rules for opening places of worship and we will not talk about other rules that the government has done wrong.
Rijukki Rymbai, Vice President, VDP Panaliar urged all the residents to clean up their yards, streets and sidewalks near their homes once a month to fight against COVID-1 keep the village clean.
Eugene has also played a major role in Bengaluru FC's 2015-16 I-League title and the 2016 Federation Cup. to reach the final of the 2016 AFC Cup.
The selfishness, selfishness and selfishness leads a person to selfishness, selfishness and misery because he doesn't get what he wants.
Speaking on the problems of the people of the area, Ymbon urged them to love each other and not to be hypocrites.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 16: The mining of minerals by the Shree Shree Mining Corporation Limited at Mawlangria near Mawïawtep village, has continued, but the opposition has been strong from the residents of nine villages in the area. and they demanded that it should be stopped immediately.
Nishikania Sinha scored 37 runs.
A 362-kilogram tyrnem has disappeared from California in the past few days and the disappearance of the tyrnem has surprised many in the city.
However, they have strong hope that Bah Methodius Dkhar, as the Leader of the Legislative Assembly in the ruling party, is in power and can do many things for the people of the area.
According to the investigation team led by the Inspector General of Police (Lawyer), MK Singh said that 29 vehicles that have just been purchased are in good condition and used by the MPS. camp, from the 4th month of 2022, without any permission from the Ministry.
“Another part of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah's statement is that if they don't agree with what the government has proposed to them, they don't have to continue their work especially when the issue is in the High Court. Court.
Joseph was strong in faith because he was pure in heart, his inner man was God-fearing, and he was filled with the Spirit of God.
Nongpoh, March 06: In order to improve the attendance of school children and especially to increase the attendance of school children, Umroi Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, one of the prominent schools in Umroi and Ri-Bhoi. and education and sports, has brought and built another classroom known as the Foundation Literacy and Numeracy.
SHILLONG: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City has urged the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) not to surrender to the selfish people who want to destroy the Jaidbynriew for their own benefit. .
On the other hand, Bah RG Lyngdoh, President of the Meghalaya Table Tennis Association, in his welcoming remarks, expressed his satisfaction with the participation of the players from different states and hoped that the tournament would go smoothly.
The tournament was organized by the WJDSA in collaboration with the District Administration.
In the incident, besides the injuries, it was also learned that a Ford Figo, number ML 05 H 3816, was damaged. the small car parked in the area.
With Ferlin's victory, the number of women MLAs in the House has increased to four including three from the Congress.
He said that in 1998 the UDP led the government in the state and also for a while in 2008. “The 8 is the symbol of the UDP – in 2018 we will form the government”. He said that in Ranikor, the change of leadership is on the 8th.
Discussing this issue, the UDP Youth Wing decided to urge the government authorities to provide assistance and funding to the tourist attractions in the area so that tourism can be promoted.
Dubey is charged with 60 cases of theft, robbery and murdering a BJP MLA 20 years ago, but no evidence has been found. who are enough.
The National Road Safety Week was celebrated on the 23rd of this month in collaboration with the office of DTO, Jowai and the office of DC and SP West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, June 26 : The NPP candidate from Sohiong, Bah Samlin Malngiang on Tuesday alleged that the UDP has banned the people from supporting the NPP. Speaking at an election campaign rally in Madanbitaw, Bah Samlin said, “The UDP has dressed in blue and white. I have criticized and told you the people of Sohiong that it is not right to vote for the NPP because they say that the NPP is not right.
Shillong: The leaders of Thangskai Village, today, have closed down the garbage dump of Dalmia Company which falls within the boundary of the village, after the village has sent a letter to the company to The Dalmia company has been closed down since December 2021, but the company has not responded to the request of the village many times and the village has already lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner. (DC) of East Jaintia Hills in February 2022 but his office does not believe in this.
Regarding the issue of the order that the vendors must provide the tika, before they open and resume their vendors, a market vendor who used to live in poverty, said, The woman immediately refused to give the right medicine and said that she would give the injection even if she was sick and not sick. Whoever beats her just because she didn't get the injection doesn't matter because she said that Corona doesn't exist but it's God who sent this disease and she said that those who should get it they get and those who should be saved are saved.
Many of our leaders used to be like Laren when they were Sengbhalang leaders but when they were elected again as MLAs or Ministers in the government, they forgot like they didn't know. this this.
The Argentine won the award for the sixth time, beating Van Dijk, who won the UEFA Champions League Player of the Year last month.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 18: An unidentified robber, last night, went to rob the MP from SHILLONG SEAT. They robbed the church of the Umdihar Presbyterian Church, where they stole many valuables and money as well.
It is clear that at the time of the State Government, which came into office on 21.01.1972, there was no such appointment on the basis of Roster, according to the announcement ( Resolution) No- PER 222/71/138 dated 12.01.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 41,100 out of which 35,393 have recovered and 714 have died.
I see fire trucks and rescue teams trying to put out the fire," he said.
He said that the money is for the development of Lum Garo and not for elections.
He said that although Dr Mukul has left, the party still has other leaders in Garo Hills like Deborah Marak and others.
The amount of money that has been sold may last for a long time, but the purchase or sale of one's brother or sister is that his name will remain from generation to generation, even the name of the family.
speed 7 inches /sec.
The categories are 50yrs+, 35yrs+, Under-19 (Boys Singles/Doubles), Open (Men Singles & Men Doubles) and Mix Double.
Iraqi troops have left the border areas and are now in the desert east of Karbala after leaving the Saudi border, media reported. Arabia.
Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, who has been an MLA for three terms, is confident of winning again this time despite the fact that the constituency has three or four candidates including the UDP and others besides the Congress.
According to media reports, the frequent traffic jam in the area was caused by the fact that the trucks carrying the stone, had just got up and down without time and then they had forced their way to Dawki and This has created problems for the parking lot, as many vehicles cannot enter the country to smuggle goods to Bangladesh.
In this match, on the part of Mawlai SC and Laitkor SC, there were also girls who were very talented and skilled in their playing style. The ball at their feet, beautifully and showing the ability to pass back to their teammates.
On the other hand, Narendra Singh Tomar, Minister of Agriculture, Government of India, has called on the farmers to come to the negotiating table and stop the protests.
Mayral Born Syiem said the Congress strongly condemns the Central Government for the increase in the price of petrol and diesel, as the increase in petrol and diesel prices has caused problems to the people and especially in such cases. While everyone is fighting against Corona Virus.
The problem in Tripura due to the heat is also the shortage of water in many rivers and ponds which have started to dry up.
“Once this is implemented, the rules laid down by the Central Government including the CUET Exam conducted in Central Government Universities, will no longer apply once the colleges have merged with Captain Williamson Sangma State University,” he said. added.
School authorities can call these numbers for any requirements (1) 9402310523 (2) 9612942208 (3)
Speaking to reporters, UDP MDCs including Deputy CEM Teinwell Dkhar, EM Market Donkupar Sumer and EM Building Hadrian Lyngdoh expressed their dissatisfaction with the incident. CEM Bah Ardent, who takes decisions alone without consulting, especially those that take big decisions.
The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Mawhati Circle, through its President Bah Reynold Dkhar, has expressed its strong opposition to the construction of the road from Umsning to Sonidan by Dhar Construction Company. their destruction of other village roads in the area.
“The government should implement it if it listens to us. We will take to the streets because the term of this government will end soon and we will go to the General Election.
It has also been approved to set up 12 Regional Committees, one committee to look after one district and these committees will work together between Arunachal Pradesh and Assam to inspect 123 districts. The villages, which have disputes between the two states and these committees, shall submit their reports to the state governments and discuss the relationship and history of these areas, the need for governance. and also the will of the citizens, whether they want to be in Assam or Arunachal Pradesh.
Kyntulang Nongwa scored two goals in the 35th and 54th minutes, while Helpme Syntem (7), Chanmi Phawa (15), Alfred Dkhar (34) and Marbudki Dkhar (34) scored the other goals. 60+2).
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has suspended the elections along with other constituencies in Meghalaya. He passed away a day before the polling day.
When asked about the government's decision to close down schools with few children, the President said it is the government's duty to find out how many schools there are and it is also the government's duty to find out how many schools there are. to encourage children to attend school in collaboration with parents.
“We demand that the government should return the destroyed houses which is the right of the people,” she said.
Not only small vehicles, but also heavy vehicles are also charged.
According to Section 17 of the Code of Wages 2019, it is clear that employees should receive their monthly wages after the beginning of the new month.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 20: The District Election Officer of Ri Bhoi District, Aprit Upadhyaya, in a statement sent to the media, today said that some candidates and parties have violated the rules of the Model Code of Elections. Conduct and the Returning Officers have already sent a show notice to them to give a proper answer and if they fail to explain they will be punished according to the rules of the Model Code of Conduct.
“Ha... ha... ha” laughed the son and the father.
It is learned that the Langpih market is still run by the former ruler.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 29: The FKJGP Langpih Area Unit is deeply concerned about the malfunctioning of the network towers in the Langpih area, which have been installed in Iewnongma and Langpih.
On the other hand, VPP candidate Bah Shanlang Warjri in his speech said that he came out to contest the election without using money but he relies on the decision of the people and he does not want to copy or dress like others. He also urged the people when they go to cast their vote on the 27th not to think for themselves but to vote with love, understanding and holiness by praying to God to vote. He also urged the residents of Mairang Constituency not to believe in being deceived by money but to ask the basis on which the candidates stand.
Hep said, “Hep, I heard that they had to come to you from your house.
In a statement today, the President of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Phres Bareh, admitted to Rupang that Enbin Kharraswai also expressed his disappointment over the removal of the He also expressed his intention to resign from the post of leader of the party.
It is not only this government that has announced to improve Shillong and others, but we see that as we talk about that improvement and others, we see that this city has become more and more bright.
She said that the rule of thumb in the Khadar system is that our government is a political system that is biased and a system that has never been heard in the Assembly to raise issues. affect the poor and needy in the state.
He recalled that in the past, when the UDP joined the Congress party, they said that the UDP is Team-B and it was in 2013 to 2018 that they won up to 8 MLAs. Since 2018, the party has won six seats and has a coalition government with the NPP to escape the President Rule in the state.
Elon Musk, the world's richest man and owner of SpaceX and Tesla, has strongly criticized the covid-19 pandemic, saying it is a hoax.
Bah Syntar joined the UDP as an associate member.
Shillong, July 12: The University Grants Commission (UGC) has approved the suspension of the University Grants Commission (UGC).
“What shall I do when I pass Class XII, when God guides me, I go to study doctor, I become a doctor, and when I work as a doctor, I think this is it for me, when I meet “The reason why they are sick is because the water is not enough. As a doctor, I cannot give water. There are those who have created a policy to deliver water,” said Dr. Celestine.
“I recall that in one of his election campaign speeches, the Union Home Minister Amit Shah had clearly accused Meghalaya of holding the first position in terms of corruption, which I am pleased to express. that this is a statement that has shamed the state and its people, because corruption is not the life of everyone, or that the people of the state are not those who want wealth, but I urge “He should take action and do something about this land acquisition and should also appoint a committee of inquiry,” said Dr Mukul.
Students from St Edmunds College have sought clarification on what will happen to the Tenancy Bill if it is implemented in Cantonment and Punjabi Lane, where the Rangbah Shnongs are foreigners.
Bonney also handed over the documents related to the border issue in the area received from Michael and urged the Prime Minister to fight for the release of Michael. Assam police and not to pay for his treatment.
At present, there are only one Mawnar or Iron one in the Nongtrai area which has not been mined but has been purchased by companies and private individuals.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laban Circle has strongly condemned the call of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) and chanted Jai Shri Ram in front of the Laban Presbyterian Church.
BAM President Esron Marwein said the decision was taken after a meeting of meat vendors from Iewduh, Mawlai and other parts of Shillong and outside the city.
On the one hand, the presence of people who have completed their education in various lines of politics helps to know more about the roots of shakiness.
On the way, the doctor was stopped by a man who ordered the doctor to get out of the car.
Regarding the education department, the union expressed its deep sorrow and said that it is time to have an office of Jt.
If as a nation we want justice to rise and we want a clean and transparent government, apart from cheating and gratitude, we must think b Sani and elect people who have love, courage and willingness to speak. The truth is, don't want anything during the voting, because if you want something, you'll turn back, remember the money you spend during the election is a bad thing and brings destruction and destruction. you're a long-lived person.
This is confirmed in the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong: The deaths from covid-19 in Shillong today include Elizabeth Lynthong, 78, of Amjalong, who died at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong, Mira Dkhar, 72, of Jaiaw Langsning, who died at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong. at Dr HG Robert Hospital, Shillong.
In the past years, before the border inspection between the government of Meghalaya and Assam, we have been happy and happy that this still falls under Meghalaya, but it was not until that inspection and That the government officials from Assam have refused to take even the land which is still under Meghalaya, by admitting that it has fallen under Assam, has angered the people in the area as a whole.
According to a statement from the Indigenous Tribal Leaders' Forum (ITLF), the rape of the two women, Kuki-Zo, took place on June 4, 2023, a day after the ethnic conflict began in Manipur.
However, we have been reluctant to say this because for many years we have been trying and giving our opinion but it has not come to fruition.
Therefore, in this regard, the union has demanded that the Transport Department should clean up the garbage and water tanks inside the road, which is in front of the khrong gate. revenue, he added.
He also said that it was the Congress which introduced the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) since
, 1972 Clause 2.2 allows for the extension of the reservation of posts by placing 80% of the Garo and Khasi-Jaintia together instead of a separate reservation of 40% for the Garos and 40% for the Khasi-Jaintia. District level.
Police sources said the incident happened on the 20th of this month.
Instead of going to Mawkyrwat, many of the works of the people can be done only in Ranikor.
The Apostle Paul lived and worked in the first century and we read about his life in the book of Acts and learn about his theological thought through his letters to various churches.
On the other hand, a spokesman for the farmers said that the kilo cut has spread to all the villages.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongthliew Circle will hold the Mait Shaphrang Excellence Award to encourage and motivate the students who have passed 60 percent or above. Diengiei, Nongthliew and Krang from matric level upwards and others on 01st June 2021 at Umthlong.
The protest was organized by the Dorbar Shnong Tiehsaw, which started with a one minute silence at the Tiehsaw Stadium to express its condolences to the victims.
Farmers from four villages including Nongjri, Umniuh-Tmar, Tangriang and Nongshken said that the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has promised to deliver the money in July but this is not true.
hyndait.
Once again, all the football fans of the area are invited to witness the second semi-final.
The Khasi Authors' Society (KAS), Khliehriat in collaboration with the Khasi Department of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat on 18th November celebrated the 53rd death anniversary of the great poet Soso Tham. a nation that has contributed to the writing of the Khasi people.
Prestone appealed to the people of the state who are living abroad to stay in their places if possible. That if they come, the disease can catch them in any place and can endanger the whole state.
“It is the authority of the Deputy Commissioner and the education department is not involved,” said Bah Lahkmen.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Comingone Ymbon said that after inspecting the river, he saw how much the Umngi River has destroyed the villages and houses.
This spirit of helping others in such a time of sorrow and suffering, should be commended to all those who have been willing to lend their hands.
Many of the villagers also came to buy and sell at this market.
Hungary beat Jalyiah Utd 2-1
Three persons including Milseng Sangma, 27, Tubal Sangma, 29 and Janrak Sangma, 27, were injured in the shooting and were taken to CHC and later to International Hospital in Guwahati.
If they don't get drugs, their bodies will suffer.
Therefore, after this inspection and after we found that they have not received permission for the construction of the railway station and it is also constructed by foreigners who cannot produce documents, we cannot refuse to stop this railway station. The construction of this railway station, until it is discussed and resolved, he added.
At the time of writing, the reasons behind the incident were not known.
“The AA has hundreds of members in Shillong who have escaped from the disease of alcoholism,” they said.
Ma Byeming has left behind his wife Kong Damonki Lywait and two children Meleanie and Lyonne who live in Kiang. Nangbah Road, Jowai.
Speaking one after another, the leaders of these four parties, strongly criticized the state government, especially the central government, for the inability to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
The leaders said that this increase in the price of gas will cause a lot of trouble to the mothers who are also the supporters of their families especially in providing food and drink to their families. that ing.
Nongpoh: A Longkmie who owns a shop in Umsning, has sustained injuries to her face and several parts of her body, after she was allegedly assaulted by a foreigner, who has been living there for some time. years in the village of Umsning.
Marak said the beneficiaries of this scheme will receive rice at the price of T.3 per kilo and wheat at the price of T.2 per kilo.
According to the residents, these mynder have also received accommodation and a house in Lawmei.
These people are involved in the operation of illegal coal burning factories and for fear of being arrested, they have applied for anticipatory bail from the High Court.
Speaking on the Supreme Court's decision, Dr. Batskhem said that the VPP is playing with the future of the youth and this protest is like a fire that can burn the state. says an independent India does not operate on noise or in the absence thereof, but on the basis of the laws and the facts before it.
The police immediately chased the vehicle until they found and arrested it at Mawmang.
This means that India was in a more balanced list, consisting of lower-ranked teams.
Without forgetting Rupang for allowing the people to express their feelings for him along with the congratulations he received from the people, Bah Sun expressed his special thanks to him. “Through Rupang, the people know that I am in trouble and I have received many greetings – God bless you,” said Bah Sun.
Phira said that the child is a boy and he has just given birth, because he is still young and the blood is still in the body.
Monica scored 50 runs off 55 balls with four fours and a six, while Jayshree Singh contributed 33 runs.
The JNC has asked, is this just a joke? Jaintia Hills has the highest revenue generating in the state, but sadly it is the lagging behind, which means that until now the government knows only to take but not to give, said the statement. He also recalled that regarding the issue of Iawmusiang building complex which is the longest demanded issue, the allocation of funds has been going on from time to time, but it has stalled.
The KHADC has gathered these Syiems of Hima and Raid Chiefs to explain to the people of the villages involved in the border dispute that they should express themselves with one voice. They are not located in the State of Meghalaya.
The Indian National Congress has opposed the announcement of the day as it is Christmas Day.
Prof GG Swell proposed that all the Khasi Hills (States and Non State Areas) by merging with the Jaintia Hills should have a direct relationship with the Central Government and should have their own Dorbar. thaw law.
“The government has spent billions of rupees of public money to pay politicians appointed in various departments.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Executive Committee of the National League for Democracy (NLD) has met on the 7th of this month at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar Shillong. The announcement of the State Government to legalize gambling through the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act
The party has expressed its anger over his campaigns to accuse the political parties of preventing him from bringing about development as well as the two lane road.
Sofior Rahman is the former State President of the BJP Meghalaya.
Therefore, the Seng strongly requests the Government to create the necessary facilities to market the agricultural products and also supports the request of the CEM of KHADC to open a market in Iewduh.
They both came from Nongjri. On that day, when they reached the Kynshi River, in the Siangpliang River, which is in parts of Nongmallam, they had to cross the river. river.
The prizes for the winners of the football tournament were distributed by TBn.
But his works are made manifest unto the world.
Citizens who use the commons are called commoners.
Elijah Kipruto Kemei, 35, whose fastest time to complete the 21k marathon was 1 hour 5min, has participated in many running events including the Mumbai 2018, China. 2019, Sohra International Half Marathon 2022, Udaipur 2023 and Gujarat 2023.
The number of recoveries has risen to 485 and the death toll has risen to
Police have arrested the suspects from Mihmyntdu village, West Jaintia Hills District and the investigation is ongoing.
Sources said Sohan wanted to sell these weapons to other groups as he wanted to earn a lot of money by selling these weapons once he made public.
On the other hand, the residents of the area have learned that until the completion of the project at the Air Force area, the PWD cannot decide to repair the road. and this increased the anxiety of the people who lived in that area.
The MBOSE has no role in conducting the Pvt Selection Test but it is up to the DSEOs of each District.
The march was flagged off from the ground floor of the Sieng Riti Institute, Wahkhen, which is a place of study and teaching of traditional music and dance. you are Khasi.
This is especially after witnessing the recent fire incident in which the market vendors were the cause of the delay in the arrival of fire trucks to extinguish the fire in parts of Khyndailad, Shillong.
The Rangbah Shnong also requested the government to provide assistance and the Veterinary Department to send a doctor who can treat the animals and prevent the spread of the disease in the village.
It is surprising that in Meghalaya there has never been a mass protest on these issues except once led by NGOs or civil society organizations.
According to the residents of the area, this woman used to walk and stand in the Motphran area and they don't know what she does.
Hope you have a Merry Christmas.
French authorities have now arrested the girl and her family members. The French government has provided adequate protection to the girl and banned her. They also asked her family to meet her in the coming days.
He said that the union strongly opposes the government's plan to build the railway line, in which the union has urged the government to build the railway line first. The ILP is a law to protect the illegal entry of mynder into the state, as the illegal entry of mynder has been very high even before the railway.
NPP Spokesperson HM Shangpliang said the decision was taken at a meeting chaired by the State NNP President Prestone Tynsong. from the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
The Seng strongly condemns and condemns this unpleasant incident which is only because of the heat and religious differences of those who no longer have that knowledge of God and knowledge of man, which is a major threat to those who are in religion. Khasi.
About 5.3% of the budget is spent on tobacco-related harm treatment alone and by 2023 the budget will be ?13,500 crore which is 1.04% of the GDP. Smoking is a threat to the health of the people in India.
This program is part of the celebration of the Silver Jubilee of the FKJGP.
Director DSEL Nongpoh and others.
Will you leave? Where is the one who doesn't listen? Those who should have listened, many are now reluctant to do these things, but who else will listen? The Nagas are very wise.
Frontier IG Sudesh Kumar said the BSF has spoken to the Bangladesh Border Guard many times on this issue.
Some say that this is because of the warm climate, the way they eat, and the way they live is very different from ours.
The HYC also demanded from the government to build a new building for the SDSEO office to ensure adequate service delivery in the district.
“In Karnataka alone, there are 62 lakh bike riders while in Meghalaya there are about 30 lakh bike riders,” he said.
Group-A consists of Challenger Football Academy, Rangdajied United FC, Them Rangskhen ACC and Umphyrnai SC. , and Sacred Heart Football Academy and GROUP-C includes Kickstart Football Academy, Madanryting SC, Sohryngkham SC, Mawlai SS&CC.
he...yes you are.
“The commission will work to consider the distribution of shares between the government and the three district councils.
Morsing, who was called Phankheiñ, began to do evil by turning those four ministers, and from these fourteen he got five supporters of his side.
Lamphang was speaking as the chief guest at the General Welfare Meet 2022 organized by the North East Hills University Students Union (NEHUSU).
Mohammed Shami took nine wickets for the match.
Referring to the anniversary of the Aspirational District programme, Myntri Rangbah Duh said he was pleased with the visit of the private team to the programme.
Therefore, the public is requested not to accept the price of rice without AAY and PHH ration cards except for Non-NFSA ration cards as directed by FPS dealers inside the centres. You can lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone Toll Free No.1697, or the District Grievance Officer, East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Lber 08 : The Expert Committee to look into the Reservation Policy in the state has held its first face-to-face meeting with the state government officials on Thursday.
All the signs indicate that the last day is near the time for the building of the Fourth Temple by the devil and Satan, for he will sit in that Temple after he has stopped the Jewish sacrifices (He stop the sacrifices).
However, why the Umsning Fishery, which has remained idle, said the union leaders.
“The chairman should be from the reserved category which means from Khasi, Jaintia or Garo who have skills and this is necessary,” he said.
Nor do I write as an expert in this area.
Shillong, March 5: The Hima Khyrim on Tuesday appointed Bah Wonderful Nongrum as a new Minister to replace the late Minister Tham Nongrum.
“If they don't appear, we have enough witnesses to register a case against them and they will be handed over to the Special Court to take the necessary action,” said SP.U Bah. Kharkrang said 91 persons have been arrested while 60 percent have been released on bail.
According to scientists, Everest is 29,032 feet high.
In East Khasi Hills, 50 cases including 3 cases from Armed Forces and 47 cases from civilians, 10 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills and 1 case in Ri Bhoi District. There are 4 cases in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
The SP City Crime said the suspects have been charged under Section 22(C) and Section 29 of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act.
Banerjee has served as Railway Minister for two terms, first in 1999-2000 and then in 2009-2
At that time the poor will be destroyed.
However, she said that the mining of coal should be under the supervision and management of the MMDC and that the government should take care of the health and especially the safety of the people working in this industry.
Speaking to media, u Bah Shylla, who has announced to contest the mid-term MDC election from the UDP in Nongkrem, urged the Rangbah Shnongs of Nongkrem Constituency to take action. This is before the government announces the mid-term MDC elections because the issues that affect the life and death of the jaidbynriew will be treated as merely an election issue.
Today, one person has died of coronavirus, the statement said.
The match between the two teams was played in the middle of heavy rain and both teams had equal opportunities to score.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wapung Unit has donated tins of soap to the victims of the floods in Wapung village, East Jaintia Hills District.
The race was held as part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of Independence of India. was like a guest.
The Prime Minister's almost daily visit to Delhi shows that Meghalaya is very weak when it comes to leadership and on the other hand it can bring Meghalaya and Delhi closer together.
Their next match will be against SAI Guwahati on 2nd June in Shillong.
Shillong, March 30: U Rejaul Laskar, Chairman of the Congress party in Meghalaya, has agreed to meet with HB Lotha, Secretary Scheduled Tribe Morcha of the BJP. Laskar said he wanted the meeting to last for 40 hours, but Lotha wanted two days and wanted the prime minister to allow time for the meeting. “I am ready to meet with Lotha for two days.
The Supreme Court has resumed an inquiry into the quality of the food after a complaint was filed by the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC).
The band's most famous songs include Washington is Next, Skull Beneath the Skin, Wake Up Dead, Foreclosure of a Dream, Hanger 18 and others that Metal fans love. to listen.
It is learned that while she was at home, they came to destroy her house and many of her belongings were lost.
“We have visited the site for the construction of the Shillong Medical College at Mawprem, there is no sign yet,” said the HPF leader. The construction of the Shillong Medical College will start on the site.
Recently, the CSWO and TUR have demanded that the government should suspend Bah HM Shangpliang, not grant VRS and remove all the benefits that government employees should receive.
Speech by SURE Secretary HH Mohrmen who informed the meeting that West Jaintia Hills district is one of the districts in the country which has been severely affected by the number of drug addicts and That is why the government has chosen to conduct the Nasha Mukt Campaign in this district.
Speaking to reporters at his office at KHADC after a while after meeting with Narayanasamy, Pynshngaiñ said that during the meeting, he explained to Samy that the He explained to Samy that it is not just a personal complaint against him or an issue of the Congress party but an opposition to the Congress party. “I told him that the amendment of the Bill is not against me but against the people,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
In a letter signed by JNC President Sambormi Lyngdoh and Secretary Wanshwa Suting, they said that although these companies have received approval from the State Environment Impact Assessment Authority (SEIAA), regarding the Environment Clearance, but the union found that these companies have not been able to meet the needs of the villagers of the area where they are located, especially in the employment and development works in the area. village that thaw.
According to police, the vehicle was a Tata Sumo which was heading to Itanagar from Daporijo – headquarters of Upper Subansiri district.
They also said that in 10 years there are many festivals from Christmas, Behdieñkhlam, Durga Puja and others, so the government should pay in advance for such festivals to meet the demands of the household such as President F.Timung and Secretary Smt R.Sten.
Sun, Associate Member of the UDP, passed away at 5 pm this evening after suffering from illness for about 10 months. knew when they would finish his wet body.
Nongpoh: At the end of the football tournament organized by the Umsning Sports & Cultural Club (US&CC) at Patarim Stadium, Umsning, Thad Football Club has won the title after beating Umran Dairy Football Club beat Umran Dairy Football Club 1-0
According to the custom and tradition of the Hima Jirang, if the Syiem cannot hold a dorbar even within one year without proper grounds, he should be removed from the throne. the children of thousands of kingdoms who suffered.
He expressed surprise that although the police have repeatedly announced that they should not believe to avoid becoming crazy, many people are still being fooled by such a thing.
The tin/plastic bags seem to be useless because even if they are full and clean, nobody cares.
The Village Leaders have already informed the DC and the NHAI to repair the road, but the NHAI has not done as it promised.
Regarding the sale of these items this time, it will not include any government employees or contractors other than the agreement between the US and Ukraine governments.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 20: As the voice of Prah, the leader of the VPP party, is still being heard across the Khasi Jaintia Hills and in the state even after the end of the MLA elections in the state, the party leaders have said that VPP has not slept, but has left for Ri Bhoi today to hold a meeting in Nongpoh to explain the position of the party which wants to bring about that change in the state.
They recommended that the tenure for this special appointment should not exceed 2 terms.
Shillong, March 2: A dorbar bah of four villages was held at Rngi, Mylliem on Saturday.
The Devil, Jezebel, is increasingly violent.
Ms Basaiawmoit taught how to improve the toilets by giving examples of the training which was well received by the people.
How long shall I glorify myself? Isn’t the river life? Have you not drunk water from the river in the past? Our rivers in Shillong – Umkhrah and Umshyrpi are among the 47 most polluted rivers in India.
Speaking to media, Bah Donbok Kharnaior, one of the leaders of the NPP in Mawhati Constituency and Bah J Kharkongor Rangbah Shnong Mawhati, said that the allegation by Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare is merely a joke. To hold elections where development works especially the most important roads are still underway in Mawhati from Umshiaw-Umtangling, Umsning-Sonidan, Liarbang-Thadrang and others.
Who wouldn’t want to go there? Put your trust in Yahshua/Jesus now as soon as possible and stand firm in Him throughout your life.
They cut the tympew stalks into pieces and leave about 6 mats in each stalk.
Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State for Home Affairs, Damewanhi L.Rymbai, said that the constituency has many problems and shortcomings. for the benefit of the people of the District and the State as a whole.
The BJP said that if these allegations of the Congress are true, how can the BJP win in a state where most of the residents are Christians? Goa, where many Christians vote for the BJP, has also reminded that Bah TH Ryngad (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei) is a Christian but also a leader of the party. BJP.Ka also expressed her surprise that Bah AL Hek , Minister of State , who has admitted that it is through the BJP , has appeared in politics , but after many years he has won He recalled that the BJP is a religious party.
It is said that the structure of these towers is like dead trees.
Of this amount, he donated Rs 50,000 to the Shillong Central Rongali Bihu Celebration Committee, Rs 50,000 to the Shillong Bengalee Students Association and Rs 50,000 to the Meghdoot Social and Cultural Club Lumparing.
Along with Raju, police also arrested another person identified as Lamphrang Kyndait.
Besides the march, these school children and the public, were seen carrying placards, which contained slogans to condemn the robber, who tried to rape their own daughter.
Because we as the UDP also stand on the ground to demand that the Roster should be implemented from now on and not from the implementation of the Reservation Policy,” said Bah Paul.
Shillong, July 8: Speaking at a public meeting held at Wahiajer, NPP President Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that even the leading Congress leaders in the state don't trust the party anymore. Dr. Mukul Sangma, as the Prime Minister, how can they expect the people to trust him?
Witnessing these tragic incidents, the residents of the area have expressed their sorrow because this bridge is one of the two bridges connecting the villages in the Kyrshai area and it is very important for the people of Kyrshai. The residents of the area but the snow has caused a lot of trouble to the residents who walk and stand.
He said that according to the reply he received from the KHADC, it was not the KHADC that gave permission to build the building. He also demanded that the District Council should immediately stop the construction of the temple without delay.
:The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA), which belongs to the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), has decided to convene a meeting on the 7th of November to elect candidates. in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections next year.
Therefore, the line had to be changed from the other side so that the road could pass through Umbah, Darephang, Nongspung to Kyrshai.
On the other hand, Bah Amse hoped that the government would listen to the grievances of the people of the border area and take immediate action to resolve the problems of the people in coming and going.
The Mawlai VIP Road connecting Umshing and Umroi Airport, including Mawtawar, has become a busy road.
The people should vote with understanding, to look carefully at the leader they should elect and not to vote with feelings just because they are relatives, friends, fellow citizens for all five years. If we make the wrong choice, the problem will not only happen to those who have made the wrong choice but also to others.
Twice they have attacked the youth of our region where hundreds of people have been attacked and this shows that the people of Bihar consider the people of Meghalaya and the youth of our Northeast region as They threw stones at the railway station where the youths of the Eastern Region were sitting and it showed that in Bihar, people should not be allowed to walk. of Northeast and of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 19: A tree has fallen at 8:15 am this morning during the heavy rainfall in Shillong.
Explaining about the man, who has been accused of raping a young girl, they said that this news is unacceptable, but it is true. It is only a news that aims to insult the MLA, who is also an MLA who works hard for the development of the villages in the area.
I urge all the residents to cooperate with the government authorities including the village authorities in standing together to fight against this disease and to provide injections as directed by the government. The vaccine is one of the ways to prevent the spread of the disease along with following the rules such as wearing masks, social distancing and washing hands regularly. Non Pharmaceutical Interventions (NPI) are the leading tools in protecting ourselves from the spread of the disease.
The office bearers included the president Korbar Nongpluh, Vice President J Khongwir, Secretary S Kharshiing, JT Secretary HS Thabah, PR Thabah, B Nongdhar, J Umdor, B Sten, K Khongwir, B Nongshlong, M Khwai. four members.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar who expressed his happiness with the people to lay the foundation stone of the new Block at this place.
Sometimes all these things lead to the destruction of life.
“I express my regret that how the KHADC came to build the roads without asking permission from the village this is a disrespect to the Dorbar Shnong, so I demand that the KHADC should explain why. “It's a good idea to have a Dorbar Shnong,” he said.
He said that if it is only for the benefit of the two MLAs, there may be no discussion within the party.
He said the GNLA should first hand over its weapons and stop illegal activities if it wants to talk to the government.
“I don't support the seat but now that it is vacant, it is up to the CEM to do so,” said KHNAM MDC from Jaiaw and former CEM Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
He created the heavens and the earth.
How can you protect or care for yourself or others when you are exposed to such situations? The Legal Care and Support Center at Shillong Law College provides free legal services to children, women and any poor, needy, who need these services.
He said that on the call of the JHCMA, the JHTOA has decided to suspend the strike which has decided to start after the 20th of this month and will wait for the decision of the meeting.
In all these three states, the BJP has not allowed former leaders like Shivraj Singh Chauhan in Madhya Pradesh, Raman Singh in Chhattisgarh and Raje in Rajasthan.
Meanwhile, SURE in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS) has conducted a Musical Awareness on HIV/AIDS to raise awareness among the public on the impact of HIV/AIDS and the involvement of youth in drugs and other drugs. The outbreak of this disease in Iawmusiang, Jowai.
“The cause of the deaths of children in the investigation has been found to be due to the lack of access to health care because poor mothers have refused to go for treatment at health centers for fear of Covid-1 says the government report.
In the past few days, the meat shops have been closed down, as the state government has ordered the meat shops in Iewduh, not to cover the meat properly, not to display the pictures outside. of meat and to avoid the infection of various insects on beef, pork and others.
Mathew said that the influx of tourists from all over the world to Mawlynnong has increased from the past.
The Deputy Commissioner has imposed this rule on the basis of receiving information that there are vehicles carrying goods and timber carrying more than 20-25 metric tonnes passing through this road.
According to the shopkeepers, the man was a drug addict and he had brought a medicine slip from Robert Hospital, which was written There is no doctor in the world who can prescribe up to 3 bottles of Bronolac and Diazetam.
Those who wish to participate in this competition can register through the office of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) or send information via WhatsApp number 9856041365, and also accommodation.
He graduated from the M.E.School in
In this regard, the increase in the price approved by the HPC is not due to the construction of a new basement which is not included in the Detailed Project. Report (DPR), said Mr. Roykupar.
“Bah Pynshngain N Syiem has gained a reputation as a hero of the nation in these few days, but we urge him not to interfere or try to destroy our customs and traditions with his schemes”. Shillong, Lber 6: In the past few days, journalists have spoken to the Minister of State, Bah Prestone Tynsong on the issue of seizure of property by the leaders of the SSM. Speaking to u SP News Agency, Prestone said the final decision on the matter is up to the Election Commission.
The Seng will not rest for this because it affects the entire area, the drivers of these trucks are also many mynder ri suda slowly if they can do this it will affect the society of “We will not allow those who take advantage of these foreigners to destroy the society,” said the General Secretary Samla Lurman B.Talang. .
Experts who came to give explanations were D Pohtam NRLM and A Pyrtuh Branch Manager MRB who explained in detail on how to use the money, to increase personal income, knowledge of management and understanding. how to use your own needs.
We can say that we Khasi are polite, but here we have been sold at a high price with this thoughtless intention, because the PWD minister is a Khasi.
This was witnessed when Bah PT Sawkmie handed over the equipment to the Rumnong Village Council of Mawiong Umjapung on Saturday 02nd October, 2024 at the residence of the Rangbah Dong Bah B.Wanniang in the presence of Secretary of the Women's Association, LA Kharshiing, Executive Committee and others.
As members of the party in Nongkrem Constituency, we are united under the leadership of Bah Ardent M.Basiawmoit as our MLA.
“It is time to restore the lost reputation of Shillong as the educational capital of the North East.
In the past decades, there have been MLAs who have become the shamsha of the politicians in power just to share in the secrets of the government.
Shillong: U Bah Rudi Warjri, an IFS officer, has left for Nairobi to learn Swahili and has attended school with a friend from South India. you are a missionary.
Shillong: The first Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) headed by the newly appointed CEM, Bah Teinwel Dkhar, today met without taking any decision. Speaking to reporters, Teinwel said the meeting was to discuss how to prepare the budget for this year, which will be held on the 25th of this month.
We have brought it for you.
Like us, the Lord Jesus Christ used to eat and drink, He heard the sounds of the night.
These two students were interns with the Impulse NGO Network and on that day while they were on their way to Jaiaw to eat at one of the restaurants, they suddenly did not pay for the meal. About 30 unidentified robbers came to the bill and shot them.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : Shillong Lajong FC will play against Kolkata United Sports Club in the 2nd Division League 2023 at the newly cleaned ground. The tournament will be held at the First Ground of Polo at 3 pm.
According to NPP leaders, BJP MDC from Sumer Krison Langstang, BJP MDC from Mowkaiaw Constituency Nehemayah Tyngkan from Jowai Daniel Dann and Trinamool Congress candidate Lasting Suchiang have already joined hands in the constituency in recent days.
According to the new law, the schools after the passage of the law in the House of Representatives, must be operational within two years. They should have their own schools and the government will revoke their permission.
Earlier, in the first match, Thangsning SCC played against Thynroit SCC, where Thynroit SCC, which won the toss, failed to tied first and scored 74 runs for the loss of 7 wickets in the 15th over. over.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The MDC elections in GHADC will be held on 12th March, 2015 and the counting of votes will be held on 15th March,
To be leisurely.
If we seek and fall into the abyss of knowledge, it will empower us to give the best to others in the next generation.
Afterwards, a friendly match was held between the Ranikor officers against the village headmen, followed by the distribution of food to the children.
Because of the slow passenger flow.
He was met at Guwahati Medical College (GMC), and in his speech, he introduced himself as Dr. Dewïong, and said that the journey to achieve this goal is between They were very strong, because since he was a child, along with his studies, he went to work at the same time, from the job of selling sha to the job of entering the mines to mine coal from those crematoria.
English is a language that takes many words from Greek, Latin, Roman, Hindi, etc.
The CEM said that during the meeting with the village leaders, they raised many issues and the KHADC, which is part of the Regional Committee, will take the views of the village leaders along with the documents. related to the land to the Regional Committee.
The Kur respects and obeys his leadership in the affairs of the Kur such as in illness, suffering, illness, death, suffering, poverty, and all kinds of work relating to the Kur.
Out of these four constituencies, Jaiaw has been removed and only four constituencies have been allocated, but when inquired from Jaiaw MDC Adelbert Nongrum, he said that it is not true. Jaiaw has been removed but the T.9.40 special allocation for him to implement in the constituency is still in the hands of the KHADC.
According to a statement from the Secretary of the Managing Committee, the school has been established since 1920 in this village and was first taught by a Khasi soldier during the British rule from Sohra. The school has been able to provide education for 10 years and it is understood that this school will be the oldest government school in the Mawsynram area.
“Didn't you tell me about Aishwarya Rai? She lives near the coast of Mangaluru and therefore, eats fish every day.
The organizers encourage the strong participation of the youth who want to rise to the top in the journey with the support of the community and the spirit of participation. which is preparing to encourage the youth of the state.
The district administration has also imposed a night curfew from Monday to Thursday from 5 PM to 5 am.
If you wear a mask, how can beauty parlors earn money? I will tell you when you need to wear a mask, if you still need to.
Khliehriat, November 21: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held today at Deinchynrum Stadium, EJHD under the auspices of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
According to sources, AIUDF leaders met with Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar on Thursday to discuss political issues. the border of Assam and other political issues.
U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, has said that if the people do not know how to vote for the government, they will lag behind in the development of the country in the next three years. .
Bellingham's career in England has been especially successful at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, where he has been able to lead the entire team. to the quarter-finals; The team has lost to France, who came second in the tournament, after losing to Argentina in the final.
Dr Mukul suggested that perhaps because of the many new members, there should also be a workshop as a training to understand better.
So when they came, I suggested that they take it to the relevant authorities,” she added.
The village was established in 2005 with 20 households under the leadership of Bah Paulus Kharbani, who was also the first, second and now fourth Sordar.
However, if the government wants the youth to progress in all aspects, it must approve the policies it has prepared.
Active Women (AW) Kong L Liam gave a speech on the working methods of VOs and SHGs in the village.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) RIST-USTM unit under the leadership of its President, Samla Calvin Thongni on the evening of 23rd November 2022, held a flag raising ceremony to express the A sign of condolences to the families of Mukroh village West Jaintia Hills, who were shot dead by Assam police on the morning of 22nd November.
The match between the two teams ended with both sides scoring 10 goals each by the end of the 90 minutes.
Speaking at the meeting, Nehemayah Tyngkan, who recently resigned from his post as Branch Manager of Birla Sunlife Insurance Jowai Branch, said that his main goal is to become a leader. If he wins, he will improve the roads and paths in the constituency because as it is now many roads in the constituency have been destroyed without any supervision. ud the knife.
New Delhi, Jymmang 27: The Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) HS Brahma today said that many activities such as depositing money in banks, checking examination results and so on can be done through the internet. In the coming days , the voting will be conducted online , but for the first time , the EC intends to ensure that all the names of the voters should not be eligible there is nothing wrong with that.
On the other hand, the Local MLA expressed his gratitude to Rom for his ability to build this hospital and urged the people to cooperate so that this hospital can serve better. to the people of the area.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi District Sports Association (RBDSA) today opened the RBDSA Under-16 Football Tournament 2018 at Umdihar Village Stadium.
The 6-year-old girl said that the bullet went through her neck, after which the man shot her father from behind.
The damaged sying field was owned by Kong Slodian Kurbah, who alleged that the village authorities under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong had gone to destroy the sying field. and thou shalt cut down the tree which thou hast planted.
The East Jaintia Hills DCC also urged the government to review the existing laws and regulations to protect the rights and interests of the minority community in the state.
Buromlangki Salahe and Pynhun Chullet won the Golden Climb Mawkyndon Climb Competition organized by the JTES in Jowai on Saturday.
In its order, the Meghalaya High Court said, “This will apply to all types of jobs through the recruitment process so that tomorrow's appointment will be only after confirmation. vacancies and jobs that need to be filled"
Speech was also delivered by Bah Joplin Sten, Rangbah Shnong Mawlasnai, in which he congratulated the leaders of the Seng Samla Shnong Mawlasnai, who have taken this step. It is a great benefit for those students who will contest Matric.
The office bearers of KSU Bamkamar Unit include Elmiki Lynshiang as President, Banshlur Mukhim Vice President, Francis Suting General Secretary, Nibroi Suting Assistant General Secretary, Tiewmon Suting Education Secretary, Teilang Nongrum Assistant Education Secretary, Restine Rynjah and Organizing Secretary. Nongrum Assistant Organizing Secretary, Iulinda Suting Finance Secretary, Riki Nongrum Assistant Finance Secretary, Publicity Secretary Raplin Rynjah, Premut Suting Assistant Publicity Secretary and 14 EC Members.
In Shillong, Roikhihbha Nongtdu scored two goals for Langsning in just 10 minutes against Umkseh.
Speaking to media, Kamalakhya Dey Purkayastha said that Meghalaya is a state that has to pass through other states like Tripura and Manipur, so to implement the ILP. The state should not be linked to states like Mizoram because if the ILP is implemented properly it will affect the entry and exit of people from other states passing through Meghalaya.
Lyngngam is as large as Bhoi, War and Jaintia.
The soil and water brought from Jaintia Hills are from Syntu Ksiar and Nartiang and will be placed in the temple.
“This moment is unforgettable, unprecedented.
This is the Messiah the Prince or Jesus the King.
Because the Rangbah Shnong is responsible for all the men and women in the village.
“As the KSU, if anyone takes up an issue that affects the jaidbynriew, we give our right hand, our left hand and we support them,” said KSU President, Sengkmie, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar. Speaking to reporters after congratulating Bah Basaïawmoit.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the 20 new cases are from West Garo Hills, 4 from West Garo Hills, 3 from East Khasi Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from North Garo Hills and 2 from East Jaintia Hills. East Garo Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills, South Garo Hills, South West Garo Hills, West Jaintia Hill and West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The non-government teachers in the state have declared a strike since 27th Nailar after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the education department, Dr RC Laloo, remained silent. not to invite teachers to talk.
The law at that time was that he should be put to death, because he had turned them away from the way of the Lord.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the person who allegedly robbed Them Ïew Mawlong has not given a clear explanation, but has given a different explanation since the morning of 19th October Police are investigating the incident.
All speakers at the United Nations General Assembly session received a new microphone yesterday and it was believed that this is an attempt to prevent the spread of the disease. covid 19 disease.
• The word of faith is equality and equality before man, before God.
They bought the liquor at T.29 per liter and sold it at T.35 per litre.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today announced that loans under the MSME scheme worth less than Rs 1 crore should be completed within 59 minutes.
HITO President Bah Donbok Dkhar said that the HITO did not hold the celebration this year because one of its members is undergoing treatment for an attack. celebration next month of the organization’s two-year anniversary.
Shillong: The High Court of Meghalaya today announced that five employees of the High Court have tested positive for Covid-1 Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, State Government.
“I want these markets to work for the benefit of the farmers and not to become households,” he said. said.
This belief of theirs has grown so strong that they do not believe even though people have explained that it is not so and should not be believed.
All the prophecies of the past or in the future can no longer be believed or trusted.
In the 48-51kg flyweight category, Khrawbok Marwein fought against Shiv Kant from Bihar.
Furthermore, Bah AL Hek congratulated all the staff of the hospital and urged them to have the spirit of serving the sick, because of the purpose of “It is true that the presence of this health center will be a blessing for the sick to get the best treatment,” he added.
Rida's poor pregnancy also appeared and could no longer be hidden.
Almost all the coal mines in India have been taken over by the Government of India and brought under the Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973, but the presence of Bah GG Swell as MP Lok Sabha from the state, Meghalaya has been able to inform and the rights of the citizens have been protected and now after the issuance of this order of the Supreme Court, it will remain in place forever.
The deceptions of Satan mean the secret tricks of Satan which man does not understand.
The Chief Guest said that it is through the vision of the founder and the strong and intelligent leadership of the Principal of the school, Kong WA Sohkhlet, that the school has progressed and been able to celebrate such a festival. On the occasion, he congratulated the teachers for their efforts in supporting the school to this day.
They died immediately after being stabbed in the head.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Pynursla Unit has expressed its deep sorrow and shock over the sudden attack on members of the HNYF Central Body in Wahlyngkhat.
The Central Government has recently introduced the Election Laws Amendment 2021 and it has been passed and approved by the Legislative Assemblies, Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.
He said that the market which should be held only once a month and three days to release the cows, but it was found that every day the cows come out every day and this shows clearly that There is a smuggling of cattle abroad. This is a collaboration for the benefit of no one.
The order was issued after the All Dimasa Students' Union and the Dima Hasao District Committee lodged a complaint on 2nd June alleging that the mining of coal in Jaintia Hills has polluted the Kopili River. near Assam.
Noting that the ban on political parties does not apply to district and regional councils, Bah Pala demanded that the rules should be amended to include them under the ban on political parties.
In the complaint, Muktiar K Paul said that the complaint was filed under Section 226 of the Constitution to appeal against the notice issued on 13/03/2020 issued by the office of the The Commissioner Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya in charge of District Council Affairs and the office of the Secretary of the KHADC. on the 17th at 10.00 pm inside the District Council Hall to elect the Chairman of the Council and the second announcement is to convene the House to hold the election for the election of CEM at 11.00 pm on the 18th.
Suresh Gurung scored the first goal for GTC in the 17th minute and Rangdajied took the lead by 1 goal in the 17th minute. Rangdajied FC played hard to score the first goal but couldn't manage until the end of the first half. Rangdajied FC started to score the first goal in the second half. In the 66th minute, Rangdajied had another chance to score the first goal of the match and Stephan Lyngdoh scored the first goal of the match. you're playing.
The meeting was led by Tiffani Seaton, Indigenous Engagement Lead, Young Change Agents.
Nicodemus does not understand this.
When asked whether there will be anyone else from the party who will come out to join Bah Ardent, Dr Syngkon said that the party will decide on that because that is the decision. of the party and the party will see what happens next.
The last date for receipt of applications in the pre-prepared forms will be 13th July 2022.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, after the Cabinet meeting today, today said that after the resignation of S.Kharlyngdoh, the Commissioner Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Law Department The State Government has appointed Bah W.Khyllep as the Commissioner Secretary of the Law Department on a contract basis for 6 months.
A source from the National Highways & Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd.
This will also be an encouragement to other youths who are involved in alcohol abuse but this victory of this group will encourage other youths who have lost hope to work hard and one day they will be able to and reap the fruits of victory.
Besides, the Chief Minister also urged the people to respect the curfew called by the Government of India to curb the spread of Corona Virus in the state.
The arrest of this leader comes just a day after police arrested nine leaders and members of this group from EKHD alone including a child who was still inside the group. of age.
The Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, while expressing his condolences on the passing away, recalled the great works of Bah Syiemiong and his contribution to the state.
Babu Gassah recalled that in the past years, there was once a meeting with the MDCs, and the surprising thing is that in that meeting, he sent 30 MDCs. “Out of 30, only 3 have read the Sixth Schedule,” said Babu Gassah, who has read the Sixth Schedule. I taught many years in the subject of Political Science.
On the other hand, the FKJGP Leader urged the members of the FKJGP to be united without allowing those who try to divide the nation.
Prestone said that his statement, by recalling the years when he was young, when he too used to shoot Dkhars, is only to remind and teach the Sengbhalang and the youth that they should never do that, because it is something seriously wrong.
Shillong, July 4: “I am sorry for Mukul Sangma's statement that the UDP has a close relationship with the BJP,” said UDP President Donkupar Roy in a statement. day.
For it is not for you servants to be wise enough to go and gather the weeds from among the wheat.
'Prah' is strong but not strong,” said Bah Basaïawmoit.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) and the Garo Hills Deficit School Teachers Association (GHDSTAEA) have urged the government to pay the new salary according to the 5th Pay Commission before 3rd July.
He added 56 runs along with Raj Biswa (24) before losing the first wicket, while Swarajet contributed 27 runs.
She also informed that regarding the border with Bangladesh, she said that the government has set up border posts to improve the livelihood of the people living on the border but it has not been able to do so. delivery of adequate roads to those areas , and the lack of security forces to prevent the illegal entry and exit of outsiders.
Police have arrested the suspect, Wanphrangsngi Majaw, resident of Lyngkyrding Lumshyiap.
The new branch of the JSU is Labang Nongphyllut Circle.
Meghalaya was led by coach Jeffrey Warlarpih.
The NEIFCC invites everyone to take part in the prayer committee, said a statement from Apostle RR Khongkrom, President and CS Khongkiang, Secretary.
The patient, Theodore Moallem, from the USA, was taken to the hospital after returning from Guwahati.
We as the Association wish you the leader of the organization/village to have a healthy body in your life and especially the knowledge and understanding so that you can protect your nation. We hope that you will continue to support us as an Association in the future.
He said he is preparing to send a letter to the Election Commission to express his strong opposition to the target of 77,000 voters.
The colleges affiliated to the North-Eastern Hill University will conduct admissions as usual in previous years without implementing the CUET (UG) 2022 score of the applicants. to enroll in these Colleges for the academic session 2022-23 only.
Prof. Nani Gopal Mahanta, Adviser (Education), Government of Assam, praised NERIE-NCERT, Umïam, Shillong for taking the initiative to organize this conference. indigenous knowledge is very important to preserve in textbooks.
“On this occasion, we will raise a question in the House why the state government has not been able to remove these illegal lumpisa gates across the state whether in Garo Hills or in Garo Hills. Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP) Nongstoin Area Unit on Tuesday announced a statement issued by former President PK Lyngdoh on the 19th of this month, “It has ended. The Executive Committee of the Nongstoiñ Area Unit, resigned by the President.
Similarly, birds and fish begin to breed at the end of June.
He also urged the children of the thousands to be proud while we know our identity, because any nation has its own identity and when there is an identity we are the living nation. that are developing in all aspects, he added.
After the cleaning of the Soongut chi payu, the chwar of Dong Sniriang was covered with 14 wasan and 8 kur 8 kmai.
:The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday inaugurated the MeghFarm Processing Hub and the Tikrikilla PRIME Hub at Khamari, Tikrikilla, West Garo Hills in the presence of the Minister of Electricity, Dr. AT Mondal, MP Agatha K Sangma, MLA Raksamgre, Limison Sangma, MLA Salamnapara, Ian Botham K Sangma and MLA Selsella Arbinstone Marak.
“But now, the world is again suffering from the war between Russia and Ukraine.
Insufficient parking facilities in Shillong as well as passenger pick-up and drop-off points at all locations.
He said that he knows that many families have suffered because of this competition.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: Besides the lack of electricity supply, the residents of Pynursla area have been suffering from the lack of electricity supply due to the overwork of the employees. MeECL office in Pynursla.
Mukhla Raij scored the first goal in the 36th minute.
“We have been waiting for four years, how long will we wait?” said the President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar.
AIS SujaWhat is the life of a person? It is short like the insects that fly here on earth, especially in today's generation in the past, people live longer than in the times of the Old Testament, Noah lived 930 years, Seth 912 years, Enosh 905 years, Mahalalel 895 years, Enoch 365 years, Methuselah 969 years.
Andrew Shullai.
Andreas Wansai, Sirdar of Tyrna Elaka, said that the Village will celebrate the 125th Anniversary of the Tyrna Village on the 7th and 8th November
He said that some cows die if they are not given medicine.
In the Open Category, Teiboklang Biam from Sabahmuswang, West Jaintia Hills, came fourth after finishing in 1 hour, 11 minutes and 38 seconds.
Manbhalang said the party leaders will soon decide whether the party will join hands with the HSPDP, which is an ally in the MDA, to work together in the upcoming MLA elections.
Shillong, Lber 22: UDP MDC from Umsning, Donkupar Sumer, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Donkupar Sumer, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has turned his back on the issue.
They cannot do so unless they have their own 'riew kynsai' who are able to stand up.
And no foreign descendants who are not Khasi should be made Khasi.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the Union held today, said a statement from its General Secretary, Bah RL Blah.
After the mass protest and the demand for the removal of the Metor, Pa'iem Ricky said that the Hima has searched thoroughly the documents relating to the land and found that there is a A social agreement between the Hima Mylliem and the Municipal in 1954 and according to this social agreement, the Hima Mylliem has signed that the Hima Mylliem will give the land in Them Iew Mawlong for the construction of a residential area. metor drivers working within the Municipal Department and other government departments.
He said that nine notices have been sent to the Sengbhalang leaders but they have not come to the police station as directed by the police.
Shillong: The All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU) today sent a letter of appreciation to the All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU) for its promptness in helping a Khasi youth who is studying and staying in a hostel in Namsai district of Arunachal Pradesh. Province.
They convince their supporters that they cannot help or get more development if they do not join or join the party in the government.
They said that as of now, there have been no talks with the party for the 2018 ticket although there have been talks in Sohra to contest with Dr. Khongjee.
Maharashtra Chief Secretary Ajit Pawar has said that the primary objective of the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) is to ensure that it wins in many constituencies. in the state and the country in the run-up to next year's Lok Sabha elections.
The last date for online application submission is 15th November at 17:00 hrs.
The first prize winners will receive 5,000 tyngka, the second 3,000 tyngka and the third 2,000 tyngka.
According to the Chief Engineers of PHE and according to the inspection of this reporter, the Water Intake Pump House near Wah Kynshi, the cleaning of the MS pipes which supply water from the Intake Pump House to the The 6 MLD clarifying reservoir at the Water Treatment Plant in Nongjyllieh has been completed.
These states will be provided with financial, technological and training support.
“We will not protest because the authorities are not listening to our demands,” said one student.
The three contractors have been given a deadline of 18 months to complete the work within one and a half years.
Lenovo's efforts to partner with community NGOs and provide more opportunities for people to learn about technology by supporting school children in education and to train teachers and also to strengthen the intellectual capacity in relation to STEM in the minds of children.
Here, he showed the persecution of Christians in Kandhamal district, Odisha (Orissa) from 23rd August 2008 to
However, they did not take action in the right way,” said Bah Sungoh.
Not only the government, but also the Sengbhalang, Sengniam, Christian Churches, Villages, Private Groups and community leaders have also taken the initiative to provide assistance to the poor and needy working people. morning and evening.
Behavioral Change Management Committees (BCMCs) have been appointed in each village to strengthen each villager in preventing the spread of the disease by paying more attention to the elderly. and people with other medical conditions.
The death toll worldwide has risen to 35,000, according to a report by John Hopkins University, while the number of infections has risen to 7 lakh.
The prize money for the women is T.10,000 for the winner, T.5,000 for the runner-up and T.3,000 for the third place team.
Her 9-year-old daughter lives with her youngest sister Ribiphul Dohtdong.
Sanbor said that Earnest has done what is right on the incident in Tura, and what Earnest has done is an encouragement to all the party workers in Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has alleged that the Forest Department has irregularly paid the salaries of its officers.
In the past, Rangbah Shnongs were deprived of the authority to issue syrnod.
She urged to gradually use Bio Fertilizers instead of Chemical Fertilizers which have been found to be harmful to human health and even to beneficial insects. and the plants of the earth.
There were 14 people on board the Indian Air Force helicopter when it crashed in Coonoor.
According to Prestone, there is no agreement that the Lamphang seat will go to the UDP but if this happens after the death of Dr Donkupar, the UDP has the right to demand.
Pyngrope said that Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, which used to be a constituency of the Congress party, but with the joining of him and his supporters in 2023, this constituency will become a constituency of the Congress party. Shillong: The Raid Marwet Mylliem Syiemship has released its report on the disputed areas between Meghalaya and Assam under its jurisdiction and proof of ownership. to these lands.
Demanding strict action against these rioters, the NPYF urged the residents to remain vigilant and allow the law enforcement agencies to work and cooperate as much as possible to arrest these rioters. people who don't.
Renikton said that not only the development opportunities through the roads but also the drinking water supply have been provided through the JJM in which this village has been one of the beneficiaries.
The President of the VPP was accompanied by four other leaders.
Dr. Lapang urged the students of the school not to lose hope even though it is a rural school, but to work hard to reach the goal of The School Week concluded with the awarding of prizes to those students who passed the SSLC Exam 2016 and the awarding of prizes to those students who won chess in competitions including Quiz, Essay, Painting, Fashion Show, Singing, Dancing and Football, which was divided into three categories, LP Section, UP Section and Secondary Section.
Many times even among us we cannot come to one understanding, one mind and one love, how can we think that other people or foreigners will understand and love our nation more than ourselves? When we look at our country and nation, we hear stories of how our ancestors fought for freedom from the foreigners.
He said that the state government has been wasting and misusing the money of the people in other good activities, in various festivals like the cherry blossom festival and the The state government spends billions of rupees and tens of billions of rupees and the participants in such festivals are only the rich who come from the state. If the state government uses the money of the people of the state properly, the whole state will improve in all aspects, according to a statement from Samla Albert Maring from Umdap. Dumu, District.
He said that the youth should not think differently when they face difficulties but should take the difficulties as an opportunity to create and grow in life.
“The HYC hopes that the Meghalaya State Sports Policy 2019 launched by the state government will promote sports and will also help the athletes in the state.
The match was spectacular and fierce between the two sides, in which both the teams fought hard from the start to score.
However, during the day, the rest of his body was found lower down.
The government has also started the awarding ceremony for outstanding writers writing in Khasi and Garo,” he said.
Shillong, March 28 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday said that the state government has directed the police to investigate and punish those people involved in the attack and assault on the victims. people who walked along the road on the day of the march which was held on Thursday.
At first glance, we should be surprised that these people suddenly get rich to build houses.
Of course, the seeds can be obtained from many places but the price is low.
Prestone also distributed certificates to the Chief Police Officers from different districts of the state for their hard work in curbing the illegal drug trafficking in the state.
The khleiñ also helps to kill the sohpailen that usually appears in the fields.
The traffic jam has caused the Dkhars who came to visit, to get out of their vehicles, to walk and has increased the number of women and especially men. Many drivers of vehicles have been forced to leave the roadsides of Hynniewmer area and not only that, many drivers have been injured, especially those buses and vehicles. Sumo, who were in a hurry to leave the village, said that when the vehicles stopped, there were those who ran outside the line and this increased the traffic jam.
Other players in the tournament, Monte Carlo Masters winner Andrey Rublev and host Jannik Sinner, have withdrawn from the tournament. their playground.
He said that the PSC's proposal to increase the number of members in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council through the appointment of unrepresented tribes will affect the uniqueness of the House. They are the Khasi people.
Viewing others as better does not mean that we surrender to them but that it allows us to go deeper into the relationship and bring closer to each other.
I personally request the school and college authorities to think about the bicycle because the government is also helping them.
Therefore, through this surprise inspection, it will also be a warning to those drivers to wear the seat belt, because as it is now, many of the drivers in Ri Bhoi, do not use the seat belt. Seat Belt, which protects in case of accidents.
The stadium has been built with eight lanes which have been connected to the lanes like other stadiums as part of the development and production of champions from the region.
During the meeting, Personal Assistant to Dr. DD Lapang, Charles Marngar, said that Sonia Gandhi has listened carefully to what the two leaders have expressed to her. she promised to take care of this matter and to do whatever is necessary as soon as possible.
The number of people in neighboring countries has also increased in recent days, with Nepal ranking 76th, Bangladesh (76th), Myanmar (71st) and Pakistan (92nd). ).
She said that the 72 hour deadline for the state government to remove GVK as the manager of EMRI has expired but till now the state government has not done anything and there has been no call for talks with the union.
The election will be held on the 10th of June and the counting and announcement of the results will be on the 13th of June this year.
Speaking at the meeting, Information Minister James PK Sangma said that an independent media is part of democracy and an important part of the country's economy. The media, to inform, educate and participate with the people, in relation to the development of the people and James, said “It is for this reason, that we need the fourth pillar of democracy".
“Right now, when we are not at home.
On my part, I would like to say that even if the HPC has not yet sat, it will sit tomorrow. I feel that it is necessary to find out the source of the cause or to investigate thoroughly to find out who should take responsibility for this incident. of this Dome"
“We must look to the future and think for this.
On the FIR lodged earlier for the loss of two lives in the same area, he said the investigation is ongoing and once completed they will submit the report to the government. examine carefully and do what is necessary.
When I write these things, I try to find out the stories with these signs.
Shillong, Nailar 04: Four days after the contract teachers staged a night stay in front of the MBOSE office, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on Friday called for talks with the teachers. The meeting of the teachers was not successful, said the President.
Bhargava himself was reportedly searched by the Income Tax department for land purchase, money laundering and others.
Furthermore, the HYC has expressed its gratitude to the Hima Nonglang after seeing the suffering and hardship of the residents of Malchapara where they cannot tolerate the invasion of the Assam Police. The Hima has taken 25 persons who were arrested to the Hima office.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr A War today said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has been tested positive for the virus after his return from Manipur. It was found to be negative or negative.
On the other hand, the village leaders and residents of Khonshnong on learning of the incident rushed to the scene to provide assistance and immediately took the injured to hospital.
For documents such as marksheets, certificates, students can send them to the union leaders by phone or whatsapp on the following numbers: 6001824031 / 8787789140 and will be accepted until 19- 08-2022JSM Central Body Education Secretary Heyboyme Myrphet informed that the date of the award ceremony will be on August 27, 2022, the venue of the JSM Central Body. will let you know later.
Shillong, Nailur 5 : U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that punishment will be provided according to the law if it is true that the land at Maxwelton Estate has been used for illegal purposes.
In the Lawn Tennis, the state team lost to Assam in the team event, while Sasha lost to Assam in the singles.
As the days approach the elections, all eyes are now on the INDIA Bloc and the new leader Mallikarjun Kharge, to see how far the party can get the support of the people and contest. against the BJP in the upcoming elections.
Police rushed to the scene to exhume the body of the child and took it to Shillong Civil Hospital for post mortem.
In a statement, the Under Secretary (Political Department) Bah B Khongwir said that the state government has urged all the people not to take part in the curfew called by the coal owners tomorrow. The day will start from 5 pm to 5 pm.
Also present on the occasion were DC Kurbah, IAS, Dr R Allya, DHS(MCH), Dr A Lyngdoh, DMHO, Dr EL Kharmutee, DMCHO, Dr V Laloo, Dr A Lyngdoh. , M&HO, BMO, CDPO, National Observer, WHO, JSI, UNDP, district and block government officials, VHC members, ASHAs, AWWs, parents and others. public.
DCs who do not have the powers and authority cannot look after the welfare of the district.
It has also been seen that this slasha jyrngam protects against tooth decay and helps in the development of the body and also protects against the sunburn on the skin.
Nongpoh MLA, Bah Mayral Born Syiem said that the project to supply water to these 18 villages is currently in the midst of preparations for the implementation of the scheme. He added that he will continue to monitor the work so that many villages in need of drinking water will be freed from the shortage of drinking water after the implementation of the Nongpoh Combined Water Supply Scheme.
Despite the violation of the three gatekeepers, the Transport Department has not terminated the contract or blacklisted them according to the terms of the soskular or removed the weighbridges and handed them over. inheritance from other tenants who have paid higher prices.
The power outage will affect the area, especially during these days of heavy rainfall and cloudy weather.
Israel today opened fire on a Syrian base, killing 14 people.
The Karbi Anglong MLA has shown his leadership and has not hesitated to do anything for the Karbi people.
“The government has long handed over to the CEO of Shillong Municipal to find land to allow the vendors to start their business and soon the government will announce the land for them,” he said. said Prestone Tynsong.
