Kejriwal, who was arrested by the Enforcement Directorate on October 21 on charges of involvement in smuggling in the Excise Department, was released on bail on Thursday after the Supreme Court's decision. Court.
Shillong, July 30: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Jirang Hima has lodged a complaint with the Secretary of the Kur Wahlang Ar Kpoh, Jirang Syiemship on the allegation that the Syiem of Jirang Hima has bought private land only for the two kpoh. the Wahlang tribe, the Hima tribe.
It takes about 8 months to grow and weigh half a kilo.
After investigation, it was found that the smuggled gold was hidden inside the vehicle and when the vehicle was searched, the (foreign) gold was found securely hidden in a specially designed compartment in madan – the middle seat.
At present, the JMB has all the necessary equipment from modern garbage trucks, JCBs, tractors and others. “We have been working hard to clean up the garbage from Jowai by looking for many ways and means until we have found a permanent place,” said Wailad.
The Saw Seng also warned the Benami State Governors who help these monsi and also the slate electors, that they should work with dignity and not to celebrate, fight, amuja and others. state and if found, the Seng will punish severely these people who destroy the value of the nation.
It is for this reason that the candidates distribute money before the elections.
There was a song from the Khimusniang and Latyrke Churches.
This has shocked the people and many people have lodged a complaint with the KSU. After this, the KSU has sought detailed information about the documents of these foreigners and has also received the documents through the RTI complainants. on this topic.
Mega : you mean big- big is not too big.
Aided Professors/Lecturers/Teachers) in public service.
The idea of ​​'One Nation, One Election' means that the Lok Sabha elections should be held along with all the State Legislative Assembly elections. India.
The goal of this government is to serve the people and to solve the problems of the people in all aspects, said Sniawbhalang. He said that in 2014-18 the government has spent T 8787 crore. The MDA government's expenditure from 2018-22 has been T 13205 crore, he said.
The total number of cases has risen to 4,529 and the death toll has risen to
The State is not a place where trees grow and therefore they have to be planted.
“Noting that many things have come out of the examination that need to be taken into consideration, he said he has received information through the media that the examination has ended at 9:30 pm.
Samrat Chaudhary, Ram Lakhan Ram Raman and Javed Iqbal have sent their resignation letters to the Speaker Udai Narayan Choudhury today.
For example, the army has blocked the footpath from Civil Hospital to Khyndailad, the pine walk near Lady Kean College, which is also a narrow and easy footpath. I went to the market of Khyndailad.
This has happened for the third time in Garo Hills.
Meghalaya have finished top of Group 5 in the Santosh Trophy of the Men's Senior National Football Championship.
However , in the course of time , these same businessmen see that they can contest the election , when the businessman comes to contest the election , the words come out that he should win by any means It is the election that has turned bad because he has deceived the people by giving money for picnics, money for football tournaments, money for women to go on excursions and so on.
She urged the students to have discipline so that they can reach the goal of success.
“The NPP cannot win more than 5-6 MLAs in Garo Hills,” he said while speaking at a strengthening meeting of the TMC Rajabala in West Garo Hills today.
Police have completed all the legal requirements and have registered a UD case. The family members have also requested to be released for postmortem.
According to the Bill, the MDCs of KHADC will receive a monthly salary of T.1,09,100, previously T.33,250 and TA T.
“The statement we want to send to the Government is, Government if you have a responsibility for the future and the heritage to come, invite to the table this man (Bah Ardent) and the team of He said that because we see in this group (VPP) there are great thinkers, there are experts to explain how to develop this Reservation Policy as the people want.
Raitkutshisha Buam scored the first goal in the 86th minute.
He said that the allocation for health is high for the government.
Donald V Thabah also accused the Indian government of allowing Nepalis to enter Meghalaya through the Indo-Nepal Friendship Treaty
Gilbert Kharmujai scored 58 runs from 29 balls while Banshan Dakhar scored 29 runs from 24 balls.
He said that the blood of Jaintia Hills is Iawmusiang which has been standing for many years without being completed. The leader, as the leader to be elected this time, should look into these issues.
According to the information posted on the website of the police department, it has been sent to the state government's information department to announce the case in a Khasi, Jaintia and Garo newspaper.
Earlier, on Tuesday evening, Bah Wanbishar Nongkhlaw, Assistant Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshbuit Unit, was injured and was admitted to Super Care Hospital, Shillong. The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshabuit Unit, Bah Riwinroi Kharbuli was injured in a shooting incident at the Gorkha Training Center in Happy Valley on the evening of 12th June After being stabbed by the soldiers and a civilian who was coming from Mawshbuit, he was seriously injured when a stone was thrown at him on the head. Gorkha Training Centre. 58 Gorkha Training Centre.
If that happens, only to those who don't work on the road, how much more to those who go to work in the fields and who have to clean their fields all day long, where the pumpum has covered all the trees and everything. the trees that are on the side of the road.
The President of the HYC Upper Shillong Circle, Bah Danny Rynjah, said that besides the plastic breaking, it shows that there is a terrible corruption. to break into one of the wells that supplies water to parts of Upper Shillong.
Meanwhile, his mother, Bipulsha Kharbudnad, said that her son doesn't want to play with other children but he is always busy building cars alone.
There are many ways to call the Khasi such as Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War and so on. or geographical name called according to the place where the Khasi live.
Patricia Mukhim, who received the Padmashree Award, said that journalists have a responsibility for the society and the people which can also be a book.
The union also renewed its office bearers including President Bah Watar Passah, Vice President Bah Chirup Pariat, General Secretary Bah Haunihiwot Pariat, Assistant Secretary Bah Renald War, Finance Secretary Bah Sainlang. Men.
KSU Wapung also donated two masks and PPE to the PHC Pamrapaithlu, the Waheh Shnong of Wapungskur and Wapung Shnong and one each to the religious groups.
The Government of Assam has not released not only Block I of Ri Pnar but also Block II of Ri Bhoi, because of the remoteness of the land and the low dew. .
Tailin Roy Nongrang, father of Phershan Roy Myrthong, immediately informed the Pasteur Beat House Police Station in Polo. The complainant has lodged a complaint against these robbers after he has investigated thoroughly from his son on the reason why these youths have fallen into this trap.
The PIL, which was sent today, is expected to be heard next month.
This insulin helps to transport sugar from the bloodstream to the muscles.
In the Under-18 Boys, Sambor Jyrwa won first place, Arwandame Thongni second and Hawamanbha Phyrngap third.
Of these 24 cases, 11 cases are from Khasi and Jaintia constituencies while 13 cases are from Lum Garo.
“Even after 50 years of statehood, we don't have our own border and I am ashamed to say that we still have to discuss the border issue,” said Bah KP Pangniang. Therefore, we need to get a Khasi-Jaintia State under Article 371 like Nagaland and Mizoram. slave as long now.
Speaking to reporters, Lambor Dkhar and Gerald Phawa, expressed their concern over the negligence of the National Highway Authority of India (NHIA) which has been repairing the road only to complete the road. This has caused more and more problems to the people not only to the drivers but also to those who walk on foot, because during the rainy season they have to face the problem. There is a strong rainfall and during the rainy season they experience a strong earthquake.
At the meeting held at the Congress office, the party leaders expressed their condemnation to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Home Minister. Amit Shah's house.
Roy told reporters that he had discussed with the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, the need to immediately bring peace and order in the state and at the same time, to maintain peace and order in the state. the peace and stability of foreign States.
Father Sngi, who is affectionately known by the Catholics as the Akhia of the Khasi people in Khasi literature, passed away on Sunday.
However, the plaintiff has provided photographs to show the condition of the NH-6 near Mynkre, Tongseng, Sonapyrdi and Lumshnong.
Bah Wanseng, who requested the Paiem not to accept the appointment of Rangbah Shnong Juboru, said that after meeting with him, the Paiem has told them that he will examine the documents. He also informed that he has no information regarding the dorbar held on 28.05.2022 and he does not accept such a dorbar.
Shillong: The Congress MLA Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that in the current political situation, it is clear that the MDA government is not a government that wants to don’t bring peace through dialogue.
The purpose of this program is to provide training to fight against poverty or the Poverty Alleviation Program under the NRLM. banks.
Speaking to media, Bah Shangpliang said, “I went to the TMC with the hope that the TMC will be able to bring about change but after the months we see the situation is not right. I agree with the people because what I want is to bring about development for the people and not for the private sector”.
“Affected laws and ordinances have become laws, Constitutional rights and benefits have been deprived, unwillingness to accept and hatred have been allowed to operate without supervision,” he said. Secretary.
The oldest tournament in the country is scheduled to be held at four venues.
Therefore even the stones cannot fall because Jesus is Lord.
On the occasion of the New Year 2024, Bah RB Shadap said that the Ri Bhoi Dorbar sends a special message of greetings from the people's leaders, government officers, religious leaders, party leaders. bhalang and all the elders, youth, parents and also the people to have that spirit of cooperation in this year 2024, because by cooperation we can improve the good of the country. he added that the peace and stability and development of the people in the district as a whole will be achieved.
Himanta, who won from Jalukbari constituency for five times, is also the BJP convenor of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA).
This portal is created by NEDFi and is funded by the North Eastern Council (NEC), Ministry of DoNER, Govt of India.
This has affected me personally, because for decades I have been a leader, I have never had any corruption, I have never violated the rights of the people and I have never been expelled or left the party.
In East Khasi Hills, 144 cases, in Ribhoi, 39 and in West Garo Hills,
He said that if the supporters of the party have violated the law and have dared to use force and attack against the decisions of the government, that has shown a clear defeat. The party will not be able to recover if this is the case.
The 19-year-old Chhetri has made 10 appearances for Aizawl FC in the 2021-22 I-League.
There are 37 church groups that are full members of the NEICC, and from Meghalaya there are 8 churches including the KJP Western Synod, the KJP Eastern Synod, the Ri Bhoi Synod and the Church of God. (Meghalaya and Assam), Church of God (Ecclesia) Church of North India, North East India, Christ National Church, Garo Baptist Convention.
The Government of India will not be able to resolve these issues by the force of the armed forces, but it needs to raise these issues on the table for dialogue otherwise the HNLC will not rest even if it is still in power. 31 years too.
Speech was also delivered by MDC, Bah Jambor War.
The land for the construction of the Sub Centre, which was completed in 2011, was allocated on the basis of an agreement with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to employ one member of the family in the department.
Chopra, 36, and Jonas, 26, were in a hurry to get married without knowing each other well. and now, when they have come to know each other's character, they have begun to feel sorry for each other.
So, one day, he went out with his Lyngkor, Mar Kuhain and some of the elders, to visit that land, and to find a way to get a place there.
Tiklu Jyrwa, 35, resident of Mynsaiñ, Lumparing, Shillong, was with the group. The Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBF) headquarters in Uttrakhand is conducting a search operation to bring the group back to the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBF) headquarters in Uttrakhand.
Shillong, October 08: The Bataw Unit of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) in a statement issued by the President, Deihok Sumer and General Secretary, Ampli Rupsi, has expressed its deep sorrow over the delay. IHHL Latrine Scheme in Bataw Village.
The drugs were suspected to have been smuggled from Myanmar and intended to be smuggled into the state through Assam.
He said that 55 boxes of heroin weighing 638.5 gm, 2 mobile phones and a Maruti Suzuki Eeco (R/No.AS 14 AC) were seized from them. 0984, one EPIC Card and one Aadhar Card.
Similarly, for kajor, the traders, besides cutting the weight of the khoh kajor, cut another 5 kilos from 100 kilos and this is also an illegal act by the traders.
The reason is because the shop was given by the mother of Rida to her son so that he could support himself.
Regarding the police arrest, Bah Bright said the Seng will take the necessary action.
Members of FKJGP visiting the factories in Umsiang: Rupang.
SHILLONG: Dapalei Stacy Warjri, a well-known entrepreneur in Meghalaya and outside Shillong, is one of the honored entrepreneurs in Meghalaya.
The unemployment, backwardness and storms that have chained Meghalaya and prevented it from moving forward are the gifts of the Congress that the state does not want.
“During the meeting with the Minister earlier, he promised to increase the bill to T.160 per day according to the rate set by the state government and will do so after the budget session. until now I haven't done anything," said one of them.
Therefore, we understand that we are not citizens of India when they composed the national anthem in 1911,” said the President of KSU. , MDCs including PN Syiem and Paul Lyngdoh, FKS Spokesperson John F. Kharshiing and HNYF President Sadon Blah.
These 10 teams were divided into two groups.
Speaking to reporters, she said that she has come forward to contest this election because she has the spirit to serve the people, especially to protect the rights of women, to protect also from violence and abuse against women.
From what was found during the inspection by these organizations and NHAI officials, it was found that the bridge has some parts that have been damaged and could cause damage to the bridge. , especially since this bridge is one of the most important bridges under the Shillong By-pass.
This has caused a great deal of confusion among those who are still outside the Christian faith.
Speaking to reporters, Dhar said, “If there is any agreement to be signed, we have to talk only to the residents of that village. don't leave because the conversation is still going on.
This is the third strike by JACATAM teachers, which was announced by its chairman, Bah ED Nongsiang among about 5,000 teachers from Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills. .
The Seng also said that many vacant posts in the Secretariat have not been filled yet. In the General Administration Department (GAD) such as the Estate Office, the vacant posts have been filled by the Muster Roll. He also received a pension from the Transport Department.
It is true as one of the Rangbah said when the fare reached 120 kilometers from Lad Rymbai to Jowai. He said that when the fare is high, the government will increase the fare. Drivers and owners of vehicles will protest against the reduction of this fare.
Khliehriat, June 12: Members of the Meghalaya People's United Front (MPF) East Jaintia Hills District led by its President Samla Kyrshan Blah today submitted a petition to the Commissioner of Transport in Shillong demanding The union has found that there is no MVI in the district for about six months. Earlier, the union had met with the District Transport Officer. East Jaintia Hills District and discuss this issue.
West Khasi Hills District Cricket Association (DCA) FC on Tuesday won the first leg of the tournament by 127 runs against Dubleen Nengnong. The Meghalaya Cricket Association (U-19) Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament was held on Saturday.
For those who stay at home, in addition to working full-time including day and weekends, the fee will be T.7,000 per month and includes the provision of food, accommodation and other necessities. provide for all your needs.
Earlier, Kong B Syiem said that the MGNREGS scheme is a 100 days bill scheme for the poor households. the fee increased with the passage of time.
It is for this reason that these officers and ministers are not interested in improving literacy in Meghalaya.
/Ph.
“When addressing the delay in the recruitment process in government departments, we should give hope to curb corruption which has corrupted the minds of the youth,” he said.
24kg Female ,
The match between Pay For Right Football Academy and Mylliem Grass Root was played this afternoon in the Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 organized by the Shillong Sports Association. The 2nd ground polo had to be suspended halfway due to the sudden rainfall which prevented the match from continuing.
The competition was held on Sunday in Mumbai.
The organization supports those who help these refugees.
The investigation into these persons is ongoing to track down others involved in this case and also for the purpose of spreading the drugs across the area.
Criticizing the Modi-led government in Delhi, Prof Kma said, “I feel that if they (BJP) come back to power, I don't know what questions they will raise.
The establishment of Tura as a rainy season city is not only a demand but also a promise of our ancestors.
“Today, the party has announced that they have elected a new president, Rikman Momin from Garo Hills,” said Bah Mawrie.
The Archbishop of Guwahati, John Moolachira, has installed Victor Lyngdoh as Archbishop during a mass at the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christians in Shillong on Saturday.
He demanded that the MHRC should appoint a team of inquiry to punish those involved in the riots and to prosecute the Assam police involved in the shooting and beating of the Khasi and to pay compensation to all. those injured and to immediately release those arrested including the driver of the MEPCL vehicle and the Secretary of Umwali Village.
After taking office, the President, Prof. Lakhonkma spoke on the need to resolve the issues related to the teachers.
The doctor explained how to do it.
The 45 days training was attended by Amilia Swer, Vice Chairman of the Indian Red Cross Society. Red Cross Society Meghalaya State Branch as the guest speaker.
“Bah Hoping has been very concerned about the border issue and he has also wanted to build roads around the border. MLA Border, have you built that border road?” said Pastor. Get wet.
Unfortunately, it has ended only in talks, but the voice of the people of South West Khasi Hills District has been ignored.
Shillong, November 11: Students under the banner of Kiang Nongbah Govt.
Thank you for the following:
Regarding the four other Congress MLAs, it is learned that two of them will join the NPP and two of them will join the National People's Party (NPP). The United Democratic Party (UDP) is the leading party in Meghalaya.
The meeting started with a presentation of data and statistics on the increase in the number of cases of tuberculosis in the state and the urgent need to address this serious problem. detailed from those who have survived cancer and family members of cancer patients who have described their exposure to the disease.
According to the SP, the intention of the robbers was to rob money from the bank but they could not rob.
However, it is a pity that he has not said a word against the miners, smugglers, and other officials who have a hand in destroying our beautiful Khasi-Jaintia Hills; you Ri Ba Ieid that Blei.
The total number of cases today has risen to 4,924, 773 have recovered and the death toll has risen to
When the crowd saw the plane landing, the elderly, women and children also rushed to the Kabul airport and chased the plane away. They have opened and accommodated up to 640 people on board the plane, which can accommodate only 150 troops.
He said that the state government will consult with experienced lawyers before sending it back to the Governor to request him to enact the Khasi District Council Marriage Act.
C.Langbang, Acting Daloi, Shangpung Elaka gave the vote of thanks and concluded the meeting with the welcome speech by the Secretary, Bah Teilang S.Manner.
The blaze inside the shop of Amit Singhania has not been brought under control despite the fire brigade trying to extinguish the fire from many places.
Besides, the union leader said that they have also informed about the shortage of staff in these Sub Health Centres, but the officer has explained that according to the rules and regulations of the government, it cannot be appointed. There are many employees in the Sun Health Centres, but only two employees in these Sub Health Centers like Mawlangsu, Mawlieh, Mawdoh and Mawdumdum.
In the final of the Under-17 Boys, Chiehruphi Secondary School beat Musniang Secondary School 2-0
A buskit shall be given to anyone who receives the most and returned to the owner.
However, he said that in the end she decided not to send him for treatment because she didn't have the money and she was waiting for the day she would die. that he had gone to treat her and did not take any money and now she was strong, she sent him to announce this news to others to express her joy.
He said that with the opening of the new hospital, the hospital will be able to provide better services to the patients suffering from chronic illnesses and diseases. damp air.
God also speaks to people through prophets, such as Isaiah, Amos and others.
On this occasion, u Bah Banteidor heard with his own ears the complaints of the people regarding the problems they face from the invasion and attacks by the Assam police from time to time inside the village.
“The Minister said that the NHIDCL has confirmed that the maintenance will start soon in the next few days and also to ensure that the working methods will be smooth.
As in previous years, the State Budget for the year 2023-2024 is more expenditure than revenue. The Ministry of Finance has submitted a budget of T.19,442 crore while the expenditure is T.21,034 crore, which means that the budget is short by T.1,592 crore.
Democracy is based on the principle that the people can govern themselves because they are free in spirit.
“KAM believes that change will not only happen through the leaders, but true change will be achieved through the participation of the citizens who want to find the foundations of citizenship in the country/state. democracy and to experience them in everyday life.
Enacted – Enactment Any bill proposed in the Legislative Assembly must be enacted separately before it can become a full law that can be implemented in the society of the State.
In the presence of the central body leaders, including Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Nickson Dohling, Markos Marthong and others, the party visited the The injured include Pynshaibor Syiem Nongbah and Welfus Snarshonggre.
In this tragic incident, Augustlang son of Kong B. Binan and Bah Hobar Khongsdam from Pyrnai village was injured in the accident.
He said the CMO has spent Rs 5.01 crore and Rs 8.09 crore in 2018-19, Rs 6.09 crore and Rs 10 crore in 2019-2020, Rs 25.05 crore in 2020-21 and Rs 25.05 crore in -22 about Rs 19.71 crore, the Government has spent.
Furthermore, it is useless to be in a party and love it if the party does not love you.
In the evening, the flag of the Senglang was hoisted by Ohiwot Laloo and the lighting of 6 Dongmusa in the ground floor of the church as a sign to show to the world the spiritual light that the Church has inherited from the Unitarian teachings. .
Six other children were taken to hospitals in the area by ambulance and about 10 children were taken by private vehicles.
Furthermore, the KSU Thangthriñ Unit on Saturday distributed rice, dai and food items to 19 households and the KSU Laskein Unit distributed food items to 11 households in Laskeiñ.
Jowai, Nailur 22 : The 40 Above Veteran Knockout Football Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. .
When using this because it is suitable to put only a small amount in the soil.
Police took them to the police station at about 9:30 pm for being drunk and disrupting the traffic.
Lyngkhoi has been tested positive for Covid-19 twice and in these two tests at the Super Care Hospital, he was found positive.
Once, he was also criticized by Salman Khan for speaking too loudly and was criticized for not being stupid.
The Meteorological Department has warned that heavy to heavy rainfall is expected in parts of the state today and tomorrow.
Randajied United Football Club (RUFC) won the title of the Meghalaya State League 2023 after beating Khliehmawlieh Youth Club 1-0 in the final played on Saturday at Stadium. SSA Stadium, Polo.
The health camp was also held at Lad Rymbai Datsympein Community Hall, Lad Rymbai B, Mooknor Community where the people came to test themselves for HIV, STD, STI, Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, Tuberculosis, and Residents have also been registered with MHIS and Aadhaar in these camps.
One of the victims, who was shot dead by the Assam Police, said that even after he had finished talking peace with the Assam Police, he said that even after talking peace with the Assam Police, He said that even today he still feels that his head is still standing, because the Assam Police have tied him with a torch light from parts of his head.
She said that during their visit, they will meet with the BJP Mahila leaders in the state and discuss many issues.
“3.4 times, we have written to various political parties including the UDP, Congress and others to support the Peoples Forum candidate,” he said.
In another match, Smith SC beat Lawsohtun 1-1
The union claims to have received accurate information that the killing of Bah Che was caused by some ministers of the Meghalaya government.
The shortage of rice is 10 quintals 66 kilos and 155 grams or a total of more than 1660 kilos.
Because the globalized world needs the thinking of the West to develop in all aspects.
According to Bah Sanbor, the former Congress-led government has suspended for 15 months the monthly allowance of the needy people through the Chief Minister Social Assistance Programme. that 15 months has been more than Rs 4 crore.
“I will do whatever I can to earn from this 10 months salary, we have promised that education is our top priority, we will do so.
These PDF MLAs are the party president and Sohra MLA Gavin M Mylliem and the working president and Mawkynrew MLA Banteidor Lyngdoh.
Meghalaya has reported 714 deaths from COVID-19 with 10 deaths on Thursday.
The procedures of the Dorbar Kur shall be approved only by the Dorbar Kur.
I support the speech and answer of Bah Charles, because he speaks the truth and not in a religious way.
He said that the talks could go through the President of the NPP, Conrad Sangma who is also the Chief Minister of the state or the Vice-President of the NPP Prestone Tynsong who is also the Symbud of the Chief Minister. state.
The traffic jam on this road has been very heavy until it has disrupted the traffic of the people who pass through this road and the reason is due to the large number of trucks carrying stone parked for a long time. This road is mainly from Umsyiem to Dawki.
Knerktilang had the first chance but his ball was blocked by SLFC defender Saveme Tariang. Maxderidoff Wahlang shot the ball into the net after Niawkorlang Kyn diah but his attempt was blocked by Malng Iang.
Four wrestlers from the state have left the city to take part in the 21st Asian Arm Wrestling Championship to be held in Dubai-Ajman, UAE from 28th to 4th June.
Replying to the TMC leaders' statement that Meghalaya is being run by the Chief Minister of Assam, James K Sangma said that these statements are childish statements and speech without and he knew nothing.
Fruit And SeedOther parts of the plant that need a brief description are the fruit and seed.
In another match, 4th Division Diliengiem SC beat Nongrah SC without scoring a goal.
Daniel 9:27 / Daniel 12:11.
Recalling on the Government College in Ri Bhoi, the RBSU leaders said that for 10 years now, the RBSU has been demanding the establishment of a Government College in Ri Bhoi. the demand product is still the priority that the organization has set.
The BJP has called a curfew in five districts in the northern part of the state as part of the protest against the discrimination against the indigenous people and the death of a member of the the organization as it was confirmed that he died as a result of being shot by the police.
He will still have to go to the wells outside his village.
The Minister was also informed of the suspension of the reconstruction of the MCCL which has been a great loss of hope for the people of Sohra area. The SADC is necessary and he promised to take action immediately without delay.
This news has stirred up the debate on the uranium mining issue.
The match was played according to the schedule and ended without anyone being able to score.
When MLAs win, they go and do whatever they want.
Another problem faced by the farmers is the lack of staff in the offices in charge of agriculture where the farmers do not receive any training or public explanation in the villages.
These two villages, where the health workers went to conduct the random test, include Dong Center Gate, where 36 cases were confirmed and 12 cases were confirmed positive. From Downgate, 33 people have been tested positive and 9 people have been confirmed positive for COVID-1
There is no freedom anymore and fear has fallen to the bones and it is corruption that the citizens live in peace in a free country? to walk or talk and doubted whether if we talk or talk as before it will affect our jobs and other things we still want to accomplish in life.
They were handed over to the Assam Rifles as directed by the Home Ministry.
Dhanti Deka of Tinsukia and Arup Deka of Khanapara, Guwahati were arrested on Sunday.
The Pentagon recently confirmed that China has entered parts of Arunachal Pradesh and built houses in the state.
At present, the state expects that the number of visitors to the festival will reach more than 10 lakh in these three days.
Producers Groups are groups of farmers formed in villages across the state and each member receives 5,000 tyngka for his farming.
Speaking on the occasion, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said that MLAs who wish to join the party can do so after the term session of the MLA term which will be held until November.
In various competitions through the North East Graduate Congress, the first place went to Sibsagar College, while Kampur College won the Best Magazine prize.
U Bah George Lyngdoh, is one of the skilled leaders who can lead the state as the Chief Minister of the State Government one day, if the people of Umroi Constituency continue to allow and elect him as the Chief Minister. leader, that he is a man who is skilled, intelligent, courageous and willing to speak the truth.
In this regard, government officials have promised to provide assistance to the victims of the earthquake.
Shillong, March 16: U Bah Manstudy Nongrem, Speaker of the District Council, has become the Speaker of the District Council.
Until now, the district authorities are still searching for these people and do not know where they have reached.
I have forgotten the old advice of Parad Radhon Singh Berry – Don't marry surprised, You should know your parents; Don't marry a bad race, But it is not surprising; How can it be said in this world?
People from all over the country, whether from the city or the countryside, came to attend the meeting of the VPP party.
HSS and Government Girls’ Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
“I don't allow the Prime Minister to play with this issue which is the life and death of the Khasi people,” said the Jaiaw MDC.
There are 30 recoveries, including 26 in East Khasi Hills, 3 in East Garo Hills and 1 in South West Garo Hills.
In a statement sent by the President of the union, he said that according to the Indian Public Health Standard (IPHS), each Public Health Center (PHC) should have two doctors, one nurse, one lab technician and one pharmacist.
in ) and to register themselves as Mitra, or they can seek information from the nearest PHC/CHC or District Tuberculosis Officer to register.
Dr. Amica Rynjah, Assistant Program Officer cum DR-TB Coordinator, who is an expert, encouraged the students to look out for the signs and symptoms of TB and explained the treatment options.
Rev. Thomas Jones, a servant of God who accepted the call to become a teacher and spreader of the Gospel of Jesus Christ in Khasi Hills, sent a written reply three days after the incident. I don't have a license to live in any part of the world, except the Creator who created me and made me live in For the past four months, the world and Satan have tried to stop me.
“This quarrying of stones has destroyed the Lukha River where the thwei have disappeared and the river has turned into a plain and there is no place for the fish to survive,” said Puson Kympad, Assistant Secretary Shnong Kuliang.
The NEP 2020 encourages increased investment by the Central and State Governments in education.
Gomer was a beautiful young woman whose life was filled with joy.
Bhabok said that the Block authorities have consulted with the village and the VWSC and after the RTI reply, a meeting was held to decide whether the Committee will pay the money to all. who have nominated after the MLA elections but have not yet received anything.
“More than 320 members from Shillong, Jowai, Nongpoh and Khliehriat have already registered,” said Dr Todi, a member of the Executive Committee of BAI. Ganold Stone Massar said that it has been arranged that this event will be successful and worthwhile.
Mehta, who was transferred to Delhi before taking over as DGP after retired PJP Haneman, said that violence against women is a crime that shakes the society. He said that the cooperation of the society is needed to curb such acts of violence against women.
He also stressed the fact that the work of environmental protection is not a one-day job.
The meeting was held at Amkoi Community Hall in the presence of SDO Amlarem JU Kharpuri, SDSEO Amlarem S Pyrtuh, teachers and students from three schools. There are 10 schools including Lai Shnong Higher Secondary School, Khonglah Higher Secondary School and Nongbareh Lyntiar Secondary School.
She said that KJNU WW strongly condemns those involved in illegal activities, especially those people who are involved in the trafficking of girls and children by phone and phone. deceive them in many ways, especially to make money by doing illegal activities.
He said that the government from time to time changes the syllabus and follows the NCERT guidelines to improve the distribution of knowledge to the children according to the present era.
He is also a young man with a hearing impairment.
There are places where it encourages other ethnic groups like Langpih just to find fault with Meghalaya.
She said that the availability of blood in the blood banks has brought help to many precious souls.
Man needs politics and he needs religion because he has a body and a soul.
Ministers in charge of Tourism from Sikkim Bedu Singh Panth, Assam Jayanta Mallabaruah and Meghalaya Bah Paul Lyngdoh attended the opening ceremony along with senior officials of the Central and State Governments. .
“The High Court's call on the Central Police to stop the illegal mining and trade of coal in the state is a message to the government that it has not taken any action in this regard. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate and this shows that the government is ignoring the order of the court”.
Meanwhile, Atta for the month of November, 2023 has been released at the price of 5 kilo per card in urban areas and 3 kilo per card in rural areas at the price of 10.50/- tyngka per kilo.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 21: The residents of Mawphlang, Mawsynram, Mawkyrwat and Ranikor constituencies and others who used to use the road have been completed. The construction of the Intermediate Road (Phase-I) has been completed.
Speech was also delivered by Dr. Bahun L Tron, Associate Professor, College of Teacher Education (PGT), who used to teach at the school in the past. other other.
Upon assuming office as the new DGP of the State, the Police Department has arrested drug traffickers from East Jaintia Hills District who were trying to smuggle drugs to Shillong.
The DC requested to end the protest, but the protesters did not move and promised to continue the protest until they receive a promise from the Prime Minister on this matter.
On the other hand, the Lamphang said that this issue has been raised according to the schedule of the dorbar where the approval of the Demands for Grants is still ongoing and has not been completed until today. June 2024.
The next match will be on the 24th November 2022 between Warrior Football Club and Wahlakhait Junior Football Club at 10 pm. Friend United Football Club will play against Kharang Sports Club at 2 pm.
“We must remember that patriotism refers to playing our part well for the benefit of society and especially the benefit for people who don’t have that power in their lives,” said Dr. Batskhem in a statement.
If you move from old Shillong to new Shillong, will you stay in old Shillong? Perhaps only schools, colleges and private group health centers.
The Rishot standing in front of the Sad House (Rishot Saw Kher Lai Lyngdoh) is looked upon with pride and respect by the Khasi because it reminds us of the great thoughts and deeds of our ancestors.
Jowai, November 24: The Bosco Pnar Multipurpose Vocational Training Centre, Salini Colony, Mihmyntdu Jowai, today awarded certificates and start up tools to 48 young men who have completed their graduation. Trained in Domestic Electrical Solution and General Plumbing under the MSSDS Project of the first batch.
“Only God can bring back peace in Manipur,” said the BJP MDC in a statement.
The new building has been designed according to the standard of the Indian Health Service (IHS) Type B model, which is fully suitable for sub center deliveries.
Regarding the budget of JHADC, the EM said that the CM through the Ministry of Tribal Affairs has allocated Rs 3.30 crore and this is according to the estimate for the year 2015-16 for the construction of the JHADC. Regarding the Rs 33.57 crore special central assistance which has been allocated by the Ministry of Finance of the Union Government, the JHADC has not yet received it.
Therefore, when we read the word Nation in the Old Testament of the Bible, we must also read and understand the time and period of Jewish history.
Shillong, Lber 04 : The State Government has appointed a magisterial inquiry into the shooting death of a man by the BSF on Thursday at Dalia village in Shella-Bhologanj sub division, East Khasi Hills. , sources said Monday.
Shillong: There have been 109 new cases of corona virus in Shillong today.
Seven members of the FKJGP have vaccinated and urged the public to come forward and vaccinate to protect themselves from COVID-1
Suchen praised SURE for conducting this training.
Meanwhile, the suspected drug dealer has lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station, which led to the immediate arrest of the suspect by the Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF).
Government officials were also present on the occasion.
Shillong: The 21st and first match of the sixth round of the OC Blue SPL between Rangdajied United FC and Shillong Lajong FC has been postponed to Saturday due to heavy rain. Wanlamsuk Nongkhlaw scored the first goal for Rangdajied in the 61st minute and Knerktilang Buam in the 90+4th minute.
On the other hand, Bakdil, one of the Catholic church workers, appealed to the groups that kidnapped Kumar to release him. Finally, the problem is with the people.
"“Yes, we may have differences of opinion, but these should not affect the development and progress of the State," she said.
People who visit it are always reminded of its beauty.
With this victory, Nongthymmai SC has 15 points, two points more than Nongrim Hills SC and three points more than Sawmer in the final match on Saturday.
Chutwakhu has qualified for the semifinals after beating Maitchaphrang Mowtyrshiah in the quarterfinals of the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA). which is on Thursday.
She said that this program is important for informing the public regarding the various programs that the government has set to improve health in the district to prevent various diseases especially the diseases. The Mela will be held at Umsning and Killing on the 21st and 22nd of this month.
“If we read in verse twenty-seven, we find that man is the last creation that God created and has established man as a ruler to oversee all. the living creatures that he had made before he made man from the dust of the ground.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Minister of Power, AT Mondal acknowledged that the consumption of electricity is increasing from year to year, and the lack of power plants is a problem for the State. because electricity needs to be purchased from outside and from power generation companies.
Earlier, he decided to support the HSPDP candidate from Mawkyrwat, Bah Renikton Tongkhar, after he had a difference of opinion with the Congress party.
The DC also requested the public to inform the Monitoring Cell & Control Center in the districts by phone if they find or see such incidents or anything that violates the Model Code. it No.03651-261206.
Bah Croningstar has planted 150 tree seedlings near the well which is used by the residents of the village to supply water because over time, it may disappear from their wealth. man to destroy the environment.
This is the time for patriots and nationalists to visit the border areas around the border talks to see how much land of our state will be lost.
They also said that the 30 years since the district was independent has not ended yet , but there are still many areas where the people of Ri Bhoi have to cooperate in all the districts so that Ri Bhoi District will continue to move forward in development and bring more changes that will be of real benefit to the people of Ri Bhoi District.
Sherilin Khongwar and Wellborn Mynsong have also taken part in the song.
At the same time, he said the BJP is preparing for the MP elections although it wants to have talks with the MDA first. Soon under the leadership of the BJP, Shibun said he could not say anything on the matter as the party had authorized AL Hek to speak on the matter.
The merchants requested the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to ensure that the Hima should not set a price but will accept whatever they give whether it is much or little.
At the same time, he said the party has the right to get four EMs as agreed and will not refuse to remove two of its MDCs.
“If the Symbud Myntri Rangbah takes action to demand the start of the second phase, it will be for the benefit of the students of the Jaidbynriew and the state as a whole,” said Samla Comingstar. for the benefit of the nation and not only to introduce the study of Japanese at this university.
“The SC in its judgments in the past few years has said that the CBI is like that Tuta who has been arrested and whoever holds that person (in power in Delhi) holds the key at will. “Therefore, why should the government delay but it should not arrest because the law has a law that says that if there is a crime, the police cannot arrest,” he said.
He said that the provision of services like Aadhar, United Payments Interface (UPI) and Digilocker has improved in terms of access to information through the internet.
To express protest against any order issued by the government is not illegal when it is done in the right way and in the manners as citizens of independent India.
Bah J Sohtun, who came forward to speak out against the attack by NEEPCO without the consent of the villagers, was summoned to appear before the Mawsynram Police Station.
Senior UDP leaders from Garo Hills, including BG Momin, EK Sangma and others also attended the meeting.
On the other hand, Congress leader Gaurav Gogoi said that during the opening of the Lok Sabha at 12 noon, BJP members shouted and demanded that Sonia Gandhi, Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
“Get up and go to bed.
White House National Security Council Chairman John Kirby on Thursday said the United States is deeply concerned about the involvement of Indians in the plot to assassinate a New York resident. it could also damage relations between India and the United States.
“It is a weak government and a stupid government, it wants to cut down trees for those who have fallen, the court has turned on Mukul Sangma and he has listened. I'm going to play together on the field,” said Bah Bindo.
The UDP has proposed Lakhon Biam, MDC Nongbah as the Speaker of the JHADC and at the same time has been appointed as the Chairman of the PP and Krison Langstang MDC Sumer as the Secretary of the PP. JHADC may approach one of the UDP MDCs of East Jaintia Hills and this will be confirmed tomorrow at the UDP meeting.
The statement also said that the Prime Minister did not say anything about the anti-national and anti-Christian activities of the RSS and BJP, such as the ban on beef, the attacks on Christians. Across the country, the teaching of Hindi up to Class X. There was not a single word on the drug trafficking which has affected many youths, affected families, but the Prime Minister he did not feel that it was necessary to speak.
Part- I“Riia, Riia.
On the resignation of Coming after only a few months, Dr. Mukul said, “I know that these things will happen later, but I don't see anyone willing to resign. MLA, we have been waiting for a long time, we want to see who is willing to resign, no one is willing, but such incidents are not these things, they are just the deportation of thousands of people who “I have elected leaders and those who have supported the Congress by electing them, I will not point fingers at anyone,” he said.
She said that while waiting for regularization, MeECL should first provide equal pay for equal pay which means without distinction between casual and regular peons. The Supreme Court has ruled.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to give time to all citizens to deposit their notes before 31st November before the year 2005.
According to the villagers, one day the Assam police came to the valley and these police came as civilians without uniforms. They saw the writing on the slip that the land belongs to West Khasi Hills District Meghalaya. They started looking for 30 reasons for the residents of the village. When the villagers stopped the road, the CRP came and attacked all the villagers by tied and bomb naphang and arrested some of them. so much.
Samla Khyriem acknowledges what Kharmawphlang has said in his letter as demanded for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) which has been pending for many years and the government has delayed it. .
The death toll was 129,476, followed by 1,697 other soldiers, militants and Hezbollah.
Ha,oid those who are smart to listen to the radio get some information but many churches who have gone to the fields or worked since early morning don't have the opportunity to learn what they need to know so that they can better care for themselves. improve the body and become healthier.
He said that in the last three years through this government, the government has struggled to improve the sports industry in the state compared to the last 40 years. PHCs, CHCs have been upgraded besides the construction as well as schools and colleges which have doubled in the last five years.
When we look back at the past, the leaders of our state are indeed leaders.
But it is true, and that Russia is involved in these last days in wars with the countries of the world, especially with Israel.
Sheen Sohktung of AG won the best player, Shiningstar Basaïawmoit of MeECL won the best goalkeeper and Chandmitre Thma of AG scored 7 goals. goal in this tournament.
Shillong, Jymmang 8 : U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19 South Shillong Constituency and Minister of State in charge of Arts and Culture on Tuesday visited many places on the 7th of this month starting from Cantonment. He went to Dhobitala Jhalupara and then to Paltan Bazar.
With the aim of satisfying customers throughout their vehicle ownership, Tata Motors has launched Sampoorna Seva 2.0, which is a solution how to provide the best vehicle repair service so that their vehicle is free from any breakdowns and comfortable in travel.3.
Twenty-three cases are from Barak Valley, 12 from Cachar district, nine from Karimganj and two from Hailakandi district.
In the match, it was a very interesting match in which the players of both the teams were strong and also able to defend from the goalkeepers in which they did not allow the players to score. the ball will enter the goal.
However, the vast majority of plants that produce human or animal food are those with flowers.
“I have spoken to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima by telephone and I have ordered him not to appear before the National Commission for Minorities as this matter is still pending. of the Court and no one can challenge this issue that we have been discussing for 26 years.
The goal we have to set when we go to this election is to put forward clean governance and to bring back the laws that we can protect ourselves”.
In a complaint to the DC East Jaintia Hills District, San Shnong and Wapung Shong said, “We request you to send the Jowai Municipal Board to immediately remove these garbage from this place. so let us go one way.
“If you read the reports, theft and other illegal activities in the city come from this residence of metor drivers,” said the CEM. but the reason why they don't want to leave the area when the government has already built houses for them will be investigated.
WJPCC scored 197 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 35 overs.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, on Tuesday said that the elections to the Legislative Assembly of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) may be held in The Sixth Schedule has been amended because the Central Government has not yet submitted any documents to the Council.
The Spring Festival: Lake Side Fiesta was held at Ribit Lake and Resort to promote and open up the resort as one of the tourist attractions in the area. Pursue.
The union also urged the Khasi residents of the area to have unity and to live as brothers and sisters even if they have different customs and traditions. or in the worship of God, but all are within India and not as foreigners.
The Leader of the Opposition, Dr. Mukul Sangma, admitted that during his tenure as Chief Minister of Meghalaya, everyone has benefited.
Speaking on the development of the country through the roads to connect one place to another, Mukul Sangma expressed his regret that in the past many roads to benefit the people have been completed from Shillong. –Nongstoin-Tura, Nongstoin-Rambrai-Kyrshai to Assam have not been improved properly especially the Shillong-Mawphlang-Weiloi-Mawkyrwat-Ranikor-Baghmara road which has been destroyed. Now.
KSU Mawkyrwat Circle has set up its own Career Guidance Cell to provide advice and assistance to the students on how to choose and get information about various fields of study. Students who are unemployed can contact the leaders of the union and the union through this cell will help as much as possible.
Bah Pathaw's victory in the case has been an encouragement not only to him and his family, but also to his supporters as a candidate from Mawlai constituency in this election to the Legislative Assembly. the eleventh of the State.
Tura, July 21: Meghalaya, which has been in existence for 50 years, has not been fully equipped with sports equipment, except in Shillong, and some of the football grounds in Tura have not yet become stadiums. who is strong.
Thabah said the Prime Minister has said that the government will not contract with one company but will invite more companies.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : The Minister of Civil Defense and Home Guards, Ma Comingone Ymbon on Monday said that the policy also aims to introduce a thermal power project which can generate up to 250 MW of electricity. He said that the Home Guards is a Voluntary Organization and the appointment of Home Guards Volunteers is voluntary and the Home Guards Volunteers cannot be fully recruited or extend their services.
The ground behind Nabon College, Mission will soon be transformed and can be used for various sports events once the Sports Complex is completed.
These two young men received the award from India for their bravery in rescuing those who drowned in rivers in Meghalaya.
“I am sorry to say that the ethnic parties do not stand with the people.
BJP Spokesperson and Meghalaya Chief Minister Nalin Kohli today said that the corruption in the education department of the government in Meghalaya is One of the biggest corruption cases under the leadership of the Congress-led MUA-II state government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma.
However, many of us wear masks when we go outside, especially in the middle of any crowd, to protect ourselves and others,” said Bah Kardinglan Lyngdoh, a farmer from Nondein, Nongstoin. in the West Khasi Hills.
The CBI has taken up the investigation in accordance with the order of the Meghalaya High Court to identify those involved in the cheating of teachers' marks.
I mean, one more time..." he said.
AIPC (Meghalaya Chapter.
Think carefully, my fellow countrymen, before you elect your leaders.
The wife has lodged a complaint against her husband with the Women Commission for installing a CCTV camera even in their bedroom.
Referring to the construction of roads in New Shillong Township, the CM said that the roads in Mawkhanu have been constructed at a cost of T.185 crore.
However, these trucks are mostly used by ministers and election canvassers.
“We have decided to increase the salary of the chairman to T.48,000 per month while that of the members will be T.36,000 per month,” he said.
Rudra tied 107 runs from 273 balls (12x4s) while Narleng tied 67 runs from 142 balls (11x4s).
To increase the DCRG is also a challenge.
The program was held at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh, where Nezone Pipes & Structure NTL Steel was one of the companies that came forward to provide food items to those who are undergoing treatment for the disease. TB while under medical care.
The deceased were from Jorhat, Dibrugarh, Karimganj, Kamrup, Rural, Barpeta, Nagaon, Darrang and Sonitpur districts.
“It is necessary to verify the identity of foreigners and the aim is that the owners of the houses will be a tool to look after the foreigners,” he said.
At the same time, he said that the passengers should not stop at will but should stop at the place where they should stop and the vehicles should not stop but the people should stop in the narrow places because do not bring trouble.
In the 18-second video, Trump said he had gone to the hospital for treatment and said, "I feel well.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today closed down the ICFAI Institution, over the clash between the students of the ethnic minority on 26th July Bengali and students from Northeast in Tripura Agartala.
Wansalan Plain, resident of Pohkseh Shillong, passed away on
When contacted by reporters, Kong Ampareen, who is a Minister in the Government, said that she is not the owner of the land, the owner is the SMB and should go to them to demand.
According to an order issued by the CAU, Imphal on 14th July, the university has decided that the training courses for undergraduates from outside Manipur who study in the College of Agriculture, Imphal and College of Agriculture, Imphal and Food Technology, Imphal for the academic year 2020-21, 2021-22 and 2022-23 will be conducted online.
Speaking to media, Ampareen said that in the last few years, the government has encouraged the farmers to cultivate agricultural products that can be sold in the market. hat according to modern standard with reasonable price.
He said that there are some candidates who have promised to come to the people with money before the polling day, but he said that the people of Sohiong have already decided because they love him, u Maheh HDR Lyngdoh, to the UDP party and the nation because once you love you can't give away wealth.
It is also an affiliated unit of the Meghalaya Football Association, which still exists and operates today.
Many Kali from Assam and elsewhere come to buy Sying, Synsar and other agricultural products from these areas to Mawlasnai, Tyrso and Sohphoh.
Shillong: Members of the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MCV) today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to request him to abolish the odd and even number system. he earned cars.
However, two minutes later, Meghalaya managed to turn the tide through Marbarin Nongrum.
Speech was also delivered by Rev.Fr.Roland who advised the students to have a spirit of struggle and work hard without wasting their school hours.
The main reason for the closure of the Block Office is due to the poor condition of the roads in the area which has caused suffering to the residents of the area.
In the 2018 elections, he was defeated by Bah Malngiang by 622 votes.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the UDP is now the largest national party in Meghalaya and the emergence of the UDP is to bring unity among the leaders. The APHLC and the state's 50th anniversary, isn't it time for the national parties to rule?
KVK-East Khasi Hills Subject Specialist (SMS) Kong B.Chyne has been appointed as the resource person to provide training on 'Integrated Pest Management of Vegetables' fruits and vegetables and preventive measures against all these.
In a statement, the Executive Member (EM) of KHADC in charge of Trade, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that to implement this, it has been decided to encourage the use of paper for packing, packing, The KHADC together with the Hima Mylliem will work together to disseminate the information to the public.
HITO, started the rally at Jaiaw Taxi Stand, before laying wreaths at the memorial of Woh Kiang Nangbah at the State Central Library, Shillong.
Shillong, March 05: U Ganga Prasad today took oath as the new Governor of Meghalaya at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
He also warned and urged the buyers who are traders and khar kaia not to take advantage of the farmers by lowering the price and cutting or counting kilos as they wish. the death of peasants.
The driver of the vehicle, who died on arrival at the hospital, was carrying police and CRPF personnel in his vehicle and the vehicle was heading towards West Khasi Hills. happened in the village of Bokchung.
Do not use too much water as this can damage your skin.
It was also suggested that the government should implement the Village Defense Parties (VDPs) to enable them to stop in case of incident and to assist the Dorbar Shnong in case of riots.
Speaking to reporters, Lamphang Dr Donkupar said he was angry with the rude behavior of the bus driver especially when he fled the scene until the passengers suffered.
There is no place for the soul, only the sarong.
To inform the people of the state, a delegation from Shillong has visited Lapangap Village to meet with the Secretary Village Council Bah Monbha Pyrbet.
U Bah Shylla, although he is a thylliej, but he doesn't talk about various issues and he talks about issues related to the people of the country and he is a man who knows God a little bit. that God protected his life in the 2010s (if I'm not mistaken), that the armed men tried to take the life of Bah Shylla, but he escaped from their hands. the step that will be remembered forever.
Shillong, March 10: The Government of India is preparing to write a letter to the Prime Minister of India to amend the Representation of People's Act (RPA) to prevent the entry of foreigners into the state. .
The 8-year-old died on the way to hospital.
Another match between Saindur Mihmyntdu and Khliehmuchut Shangpung ended in a 2-2 draw.
In the final, Sunalinda Iawren scored the first goal for Mawlai in the 15th minute, but in the 36th minute through Laitkor FC scored the first goal of the match through Iawanlang Nongbet.
Shillong has witnessed petrol bomb blasts almost every night in the past few days, and most of the places where the robbers intend to damage are police stations and police vehicles. .
After the public meeting at Resubelpara, Rahul will return to Shillong in the evening to meet with Congress leaders to support the party candidate Ma Vincent Pala from Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
“The Dorbar feels that the SMB should provide its services first and then consider this tax,” he said. send taxes.
The biggest Behdeinkhlam festival in the state will end on Friday with the presence of the Minister of Meghalaya in charge of PWD, Sniawbhalang Dhar along with other MLAs and MDCs along with government officials. be the ones invited.
From the bodies of these 10 persons, the police seized drugs packed in small jugs along with drug injection needles and condoms.
Even the Nongpoh Market under the Raij Marngar was established and managed according to the customs of Hynniew Trep.
When asked whether they earn more money by selling to others or to the union, they replied that it is slightly more expensive elsewhere, if they feel they can carry milk, because they can sell up to 45 or the liter.
“I feel that we need to have a little responsibility as leaders and not just accuse or talk as much as we can and say to chargesheet without facts.
Everyone is allowed to make mistakes and it is in fact part of education.
He said that as it is, his term of office has expired and has exceeded three years and therefore the party has decided to appoint a new President.
He also urged us to have a spirit of service to others as we need to improve in all aspects.
Other speakers included those who have just joined the party from other parties.
For more information, please contact Sreeprakash J, Wing Commander, PRO Defence, Meghalaya at +9
Therefore, if Rambrai Constituency gets two Block, Mawthadraishan will also have two Block and if the UDP gets to lead the government, there is no doubt that the will of the people will be fulfilled. achieved.
She stated that the current batch may face serious problems due to the shortcomings in the preparation process.
Shillong: The State PWD Department has allocated about T.9 crore for the improvement of the entire Polo area and the work has already started.
The ADE is concerned that these Bangladeshis, who have arrived in the State, will create opportunities for them to stay longer and marry young local girls and this will create difficulties for them to be expelled when they arrive in the State. When they met with the ADE, it felt that this proposal should not go ahead, or the union would have to take other measures to express its strong opposition to the proposal of the Minister. old.
They also teach how to earn money even through cheating, theft and robbery and murder, violating various laws just to buy drugs.
"Lanosha said, 'If Kongthei knows, I understand you, she will hate you... How will you do...?" Bah Deng asked, “I will tell you that you have asked for it.
The blind do not need our sympathy but our solidarity.
The RBTEDF invites the public to attend the festival and to taste the sohtrun produced from Ri-Bhoi District.
Not only that, many villages in West Khasi Hills have strongly opposed the relocation of villages from one constituency to another as it affects the traffic and the landscape.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08 : The State Government has decided to convene the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on 16th November 2023 for a final discussion on the preparations for the eviction of the Mawlong Market.
“In the midst of the criticism and insult of the people, the HSPDP leaders have brought this letter with the intention of handing it over to Conrad Sangma but it has been witnessed that these HSPDP leaders have They were locked out for 45 minutes although those who came after them entered Conrad's residence without being locked out.
Earlier, Bah Sanbor Shullai, while speaking to reporters, denied that he was involved in blocking the way for the Council employees.
At this meeting, the leaders and members of the JSU, JYF, HNPF-JHU, MPUF, HNYF-JHU, KSU-JHU, RJYF, WJNC, JSM, CRJM, JNU, NWYF and HYC. JYF leader Poipynhun Majaw has met with the Home Minister to urge her to file an ejahar against the KNGC Students Union leaders.
The angry people burnt down the houses of the government ministers as well as the houses of the mothers of the two brothers, Myntri Rangbah Duh and the President of the country.
“When you go to Iewmawlong before you reach Iewmawlong, there will be another illegal money collection gate and after the end of Iewmawlong there will be another illegal collection gate. There are 6-7 illegal money collection gates in Shillong by pass.
She said the government is preparing to consider the rules related to the height of buildings and needs to amend the Meghalaya Building Bye Laws.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 507 new cases and 4080 active cases in the State.
Therefore, we must unite and not be divided.
He said that the second part of the protest is regarding the appointment of the university where it is possible to remove this person and the appointment itself is without any The rules and regulations of the VC, you cannot appoint yourself, because you don't have a selection committee.
The village falls under Amlarem Sub Division and has been affected by power outage since June.
Of these four, only Joinriwell will join the BJP, while all the others will join the NPP in the coming days, the source said.
Hamletson Dohling, former Minister of State and who lost the last MLA election, has been appointed as Adviser to the Chief Minister.
Dr David Howell, clinical director of critical care at the hospital, said: “It is clear to say that there has been no thorough assessment of the mental health impact. for those admitted to ICUs and after surgeries".
Shillong, Nailur 7: To discuss the problems faced by the people in the areas and states where the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA), 1958 is in force especially in Manipur and Kashmir, A public meeting will be held on the 11th of this month at the Dorbar Hall of Mission Compound, Shillong. 11:30 am.
Looking back at the match between the two teams, both teams scored goals in the first half.
“After the ceremony, the HYC Padu unit was re-established and the office bearers of Amlarem unit were renewed. These two units were sworn in by the Vice President CEC Donboklang Kharlyngdoh. HYC War Jaintia Circle.
On the same day, the Seiñ Raij Tuber also submitted a Memorandum to Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar regarding the need to improve the place of worship at Aitnar and also to improve the roads, synkieng and na. The Kongsan also promised to help as much as he could.
How many of you who have read this message would like to have the opportunity to live 1000 years before reaching eternal life? All those who want it must repent without delay.
Many say that the Reservation Policy has been misplaced and needs to be improved.
Nongstoiñ, June 16: One District Hospital (Civil), CHCs, PHCs and Health Sub Centers have been set up in Meghalaya according to the needs of the population.
Speaking at the public meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma said the purpose of the scheme is because the government intends to fulfill its commitment to serve the people and also to bring about economic development.
He said the meeting urged the government to set up a State Finance Commission.
What is more important is dialogue and understanding among members of different political parties working within the group," he said.
Police investigation revealed that the residents had gone to buy fish from a shop and on Thursday after eating it, they fell ill. They were taken to hospital for treatment.
“Furthermore, explaining about the posts of Ministers or even the post of Lamphang, Bah Metbah said that the talks are ongoing and they will know soon.
Speaking at the two meetings, Bah Pius Marweiñ first of all expressed his gratitude to the Government through the Ministry of Education for providing a special allocation for the constituency where up to 10 government schools have been built. of them have already been repaired and 3 more will be done in the future.
The Central Integrated Pest Management Center (CIPMC) Shillong in collaboration with the Umsning C&RD Block has organized a Training on disinfection especially at Mawlyngkhung village in Ri-Bhoi.
“Shillong is the right venue to hold this meeting.
On the other hand, the JSM said that Teilang is a strong member and has contributed in many ways as a leader and member to improve the work of the JSM and work for the welfare of the community.
FS Cajee's 8250 votes in the last MLA election will reach him and will the support of Bah Founder win? he.
The BSF has conducted an investigation against three soldiers identified as Head Constable Moni Singh, Constable Sengel Singh and Constable Kdam Kishore. and they were arrested on the Sabbath.
What does this mean? God spoke to Daniel about those times.
For the women, it is in the Under-14 category and the age limit is for those born on or before 01/03/2
Shillong, July 22: The Meghalaya Indigenous Youth Federation (MIYF) on Tuesday said that the mining of coal in the Nongtalang area has affected the environment. The Dawki water scheme is far from the mining area and the union said it is inappropriate to allege that the water scheme has been destroyed just because of the mining.
" Bahnah said, "It's very bad..." Deisy said. After that Deisy went back to sleep.
The Rongs who were brought to Pung came with various messages to teach the children of the people to avoid those evils as warned by the Rongs who were brought to Biar Blai.
On these grounds, both States may resolve by mutual understanding between the Government and the land owners, even if it is to reach a resolution, on the basis of give and take, by consensus.
The NGT has also directed the state government to clean up the Myntdu River and to develop a long-term plan to clean up the water of the rivers and to connect the Myntdu River and make it cleaner. , joining other rivers.
The attendance of government employees is very low and some are very low and some are better.
“We will hold a meeting with the Central Executive Committee (CEC) to discuss this,” he said.
It is learned that the deceased was an FA Officiating at the PWD office in Mairang at the time of the incident; His friends were unable to render assistance in time as he fell into the middle of the pond.
The opening ceremony was held at the Seng Khasi Marbisu hill and afterwards a short meeting was held at the Seng Khasi headquarters in Matbisu.
Most of the patients suffered from esophagus which affected 66.9% in men and 43.1% in women.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 23: The FKJGP, KSU and HNYF, as a sign of condolence and sympathy for the shooting death of seven people in Mukroh, The black flag day was held across the district and also on vehicles including commercial and private vehicles.
:The metal band, known as Dymbur, is one of the bands that has released a Khasi song about the hero of the country, U Tirot Singh.
They were brought before the court on July 27 and remanded in Judicial Custody for 14 days.
He said the Congress leaders should have praised the work done by the Chief Minister and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the PWD department, which has taken over many projects through the present government. .
In this regard, the FKJGP demands that the Agencies should continue to employ Home Guards in the state and remove foreign Security Guards, so that the people of this state can He concluded that the Home Guards of the state who have completed their training should be employed in Industrial Areas and Government Offices.
One of the reasons why we are against it is because MeECL has been charged with debts which have led to the loss of electricity for dozens of hours a day due to the inability to pay. that ram that shah.
Tol Sana, 23, of Pamtadong, Amlarem Sub-Division, West Jaintia Hills, has lost his life after being electrocuted while charging his mobile phone. District.
, the Saubhagya Scheme and on the corruption in the purchase of vehicles by the Police Department.
At the same time, the JSU sends a message to all the Village Leaders of Bri u Hynniewtrep that they should not issue NOCs to foreigners from now on as it can seriously affect many of them. and it is also a violation of the rights of the indigenous people.
Handwriting : handwriting, handwriting, or signage; thoh is not pruid to paw; The hand is a part of the human body that extends from the shoulder to the tip of the chin.
After gathering at the Civil Hospital, the youths went to Lumdiengjri PS to find out whether it is true or not as the OC Lumdiengjri said that the police have arrested the policeman.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher and Welfare Association (KJBWA) has been without cow meat for two months since the 18th of July. ) was banned beef.
Therefore, to avoid any tragic incident, the government should have directed the MECL to relocate all the electric polls that need to be relocated as soon as possible.
Friday passed away on November 24 at the age of
The cleanliness drive was also attended by RAWA, CBTC Guwahati and the village authorities together with the Umsning Town Dorbar. In the presence of Dr K Khongsdam Doctor Incharge Umsning CHC, leaders of Swacch Bharat Mission including Kynjoh Rangtong Block Coordinator, Garland Sun Block. Co-Ordinator Bhoirymbong and others.
They immediately went to the Sister who had given the injection to Sahsniang.
“The four rights are the right to protection, the right to information, the right to vote and the right to be heard or complaints regarding property,” she said. DC. Therefore, she reminded that the right of the consumers is not only in the purchase of goods but also in any work that they have paid with money and they have the right to complain if there are any errors. such as in health centers if they do not receive adequate health care, in schools if they do not receive thorough training and other areas.
Y.Tsering, IAS, Addl.Chief Secretary in his speech, said that he has found many people in the state who believe in Khasi herbal medicines rather than medicines.
In his speech, Sarbananda Sonowal said, “I am delighted that we have been able to inaugurate these seven buildings in Shillong today.
He said that during the election campaign there are often clashes with religious leaders, churches and political parties but it is not appropriate to talk badly about them.
It may be recalled that on the 25th of this month, the state government had reported that 8177 cows have been affected by the disease since it spread in the state.
He said that Meghalaya, after cattle breeding, has also improved in pig breeding, cattle breeding and others which can provide income to the people of the state.
It requires cooperation and involvement, if we cannot forget this, I am strong to work but we will be worked because of the strong political hatred or hatred of anyone and if we hold this feeling, if anyone, will "It's not like we're going to be able to do it," said Mr. Martle.
According to the Rangbah Shnong of Seinduli-2, in the past there was a big Bir in Seinduli village where there were fish including large fish.
According to the CCTV cameras, two suspects arrived in a vehicle at about 9:30 pm in front of the General Directorate of Security of the Ministry of Interior. who had gone to bomb the place at that time.
According to sources, MLA Hamletson Dohling intends to join the National People's Party (NPP) and contest the upcoming elections from the party.
“When the government introduces any laws or policies, most of the time their implementation is from the year it was passed unlike the Roster which has to go backwards,” he said.
When it came to the match, it was beautiful and satisfying for the crowds of spectators who flocked from all over.
Nongpoh, Lber 27: A family has suffered a tragic incident after a fire broke out in Umrnong village in Ri Ri. -Bhoi is located in Mawhati Constituency.
He said that the country and the villagers will grow and become rich only if the farmers are also rich, that is, if they get good results from their agriculture and use more and more of the produce to strengthen the agriculture. you're right.
The goat meat includes the following:-I want to know the seasons to grow flowers, cucumbers, tyrso, muli, carrots.
According to Han Joon Lee, the central theme of this inspirational song is the resurrection of Christ Himself.
It is believed that the plane fell to the bottom of the sea, said the head of the Indonesian search team, Henry Bambang Soelistyo.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Government has decided to strengthen the Police Department in the state.
The incident happened at Lymshyiap village in Shanmari district.
Shan Dkhar 18' and Sainbor Kassar 70' The Third Div match on 25th November will be between YSW Pynthor and Nangbah Mooknor at 10:30 pm. They will play against Lumkhangdong at 12 noon.
“Even the Congress party has said that it will not come to power in 2018,” said Dr Donkupar while speaking at the confirmation meeting of the UDP Mawsynram circle office bearers on Friday.
Jal Diwali – “The Campaign for Women on Water, Water for Women” under the Department of Housing and Urban Affairs launched on Tuesday in Meghalaya through a celebration at Urkhla Water Treatment. Plant, Jowai.
“Laskein block is one of the oldest blocks as it was established on 11th March 1973 and the population of the villagers has been very high. According to the 2011 census, There are more than 90,000 residents in this block,” said Nujorki.
Sohra, Jymmang 05: U Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit on Thursday announced that the meeting of the VPP to explain and demand the amendment of the Reservation Policy and to suspend the implementation of the government will be held at Mawkyrwat on the 10th and after After this meeting, the party will send another letter to the government to demand a change in the Reservation Policy and to immediately suspend the implementation of the Roster System.
The village, like the villages of the riwar area, the people live by agriculture and the main crops are tyrpad leaves, syniam, sohmrit khlaw, and others.
Shamble MannersThe sun is golden; nature,When the step is bright, the cleanliness,The sound of many birds singing,The soul is filled with joy.
The road, which has been under construction since 2014, has been surprising and so far, the road has been allocated up to T.6 crore through the PMGSY scheme, has not been completed.
This year, there are 232 Community Durga Puja places in the state including 112 in Khasi Hills District, 11 in Jainta Hills and 109 in Garo Hills.
Therefore, I have had the opportunity to learn from him and to share many things which have been beneficial,” said the Minister.
We Khasi have only about 15 lakh and NESO in a complaint to the Supreme Court has stated that this area has suffered a lot from the violence and infiltration by the authorities and that is why “Through the illegal entry of foreign authorities, many local authorities have lost their village governance,” said the KSU leader.
Zechariah was also one of the prophets of God 13:9, "They shall call upon my name, and I will hear them.
S Tariang (MPHF) Chairperson Literacy, Rtn.
As of the morning of 11th July 2020, there are 2,02,54,685 people worldwide who have been infected with Covid1
“They have said that due to Covid 19, the Dorbar cannot be held so they have decided to convene the Dorbar to elect the Rangbah Shnong without consulting with the other members of the committee. “It's not like I'm going to be able to hold a meeting,” said Bah Marbaniang.
Shortly after this belief, the religion and customs of the nation were born.
In another incident, one of the passengers of a Maruti Car, ML04B-5921, who was sitting in front of the vehicle, was injured when it was hit by a truck, ML04C-1
Sangma's resignation came after the protests of political parties in Garo Hills against him taking over the post of CEM of the Council, as he is not from the Garo community. They accused him of being a half-child and of not following the customs and traditions of the Garo people in his lifestyle.
“Many departments in the district including irrigation, horticulture, electricity and cooperation are not working properly,” said Thengrak Sangma, member of the JAC. not taking seriously the work.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Meghalaya government has suspended the arrear DA of teachers of non-government LP & UP schools or deficit schools since
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the drivers from these areas who end up in the Even Number, said that many of their fellow drivers have gone out to earn money because they cannot stay at home. faithful to eat and provide for his household.
The program started from the SDO office and ended at the Riwar College.
Shillong: The Working President of the Congress Party, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, today said that the departure of 12 Congress MLAs to join the Trimool Congress is no longer new to them. The Congress party has already prepared for this and the Congress has not received any comments on this.
He said that if he wins, he will open the State Bank of India and the Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank in Lum Diengiei and Sohiong so that farmers can take loans and strengthen their agriculture. riang and also in the trade of inheritance.
If there are 100 jobs, and the recruitment goes as it is now, then the distribution of jobs will be as follows – Khasi 40 jobs, Garo 40 jobs, UR 15 jobs, Others 5 jobs.
There are 35 teams divided into 8 pools for Pool A: Nangbah Mulang, Dulong, Sailung Ialong and Lum Iawmushai. Shangpung, Pool-B: 7 Wasa and Mookyndur.
According to him, in Sohra, the owners of houses who used to earn T.3000 per month as rent, now earn up to T.3000 per day from one room.
However, due to the lack of support from some Kurs, the election had to be held again on the 18th July, 2015 at the Office of the Syiem in Mairang in the presence of the KHADC Chairman and Leaders. from the Hima led by the Children's King and Ministers.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Executive Committee (EC) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has criticized the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for failing to evict the people who have invaded the Council's land at Aradonga Forest in West Khasi Hills.
Here Jesus tells us that there was a rich young man who was righteous, who followed exactly the Laws written in the Bible and who had never committed any sin.
It is to be recalled that a night curfew was imposed in the village after the announcement of the election results in which NPP supporters who were angry after the victory of the UDP, threw stones at their houses and motor vehicles. This village falls under Mowkaiaw Constituency.
He expressed his satisfaction that the youths who came to be trained came from all over the Bri U Hynniewtrep as in one group there were 50 to 70 youths to be trained within 45 days.
“We have heard that there is a notification from the state government on this but we have the authority from the Sixth Schedule on the power to judge and therefore we should not lose it,” said the CEM. The Deputy CEM in charge of the Law Department of the Council, Bah PN Syiem said, “We will follow up on this matter with the government.
We have also seen a significant increase in drug seizures in the past 50 years.
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Commerce and Industries, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar on Tuesday said that the state government will take the final decision within six months to close down the lockdown. Mawmluh Cherra Cements Limited (MCCL).
Besides Robertjune, two other names have appeared for the UDP ticket, namely the President of the Khasi Author Society (KAS), Dr DRL Nonglait and former MLA of the UDP. Mr. PT Sawkmie.
“It took less than 10 hours to travel from Sahsniang, Tum Tum, Khatkasla, Psiar Mushrot to Jowai, but due to the deterioration of the road it took more than 2 hours and this has caused problems to the people. .
Conrad said he has received the report from the Government but has not yet had the opportunity to review it.
“As we know that other states have started to open their schools, but in Meghalaya the state will have to ensure that the children are protected from the disease and the aim is to collect information on the percentage of children. If more than 18 years of age has been vaccinated, the government will take a decision to open colleges in the state.
The High Level Committee (HLC), headed by Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister of the State Government, aims to improve the livelihood of metor drivers. don't go to Mawlong Market.
“It is a shame for the MeECL office if for more than four months it does not get only one transformer to meet the needs of the people,” said the statement from the Rangbah Shnong.
In the Under-14 (Boys), Lumpyrtuh School will play against HK Singh Memorial School at 11 pm.
He said that as drivers, who live every day on the road by earning a living, the road is the home of the taxi drivers, because they don't have a good home, but only when they are not at home. they came to sleep with their children.
If the road is bad in the constituencies of the opposition MLAs, the PWD minister should take responsibility after informing him or making demands.
Tamang also won from Soreng Chakung Assembly Constituency by defeating the nearest candidate AD Subba of the Sikkim Democratic Front (SDF) by 7,396 votes. 3,084 votes.
Arnab Dutta of Laban Bengalee Boys Hr Secondary School has obtained first rank in HSSLC (Science) with 483 marks and distinction in subject (E, CS, Ph, Ch, M) .
Kishan Tibrewalla (MPHF) Assistant Governor and in his speech as the chief guest congratulated the former office bearers and wished the new office bearers to take the initiative to do and fulfill their duties according to the mission of Rotary of International. which will benefit the community of the residents whether in education, health, sanitation and other areas.
Until they send the report, we will not be able to take a decision,” he said.
In a statement, the union also raised questions regarding how this person got into the village while waiting for the result of the test.
About 500 people from South West Khasi Hills attended the meeting held at the Dorbar Hall, Mawkyrwat.
Shillong: The Shillong Markaz today wrote to the Lum Diengjri Police Station to inform that its members have gone to take part in the Hazrat Nazimuddin Markaz in Delhi.
Well, let us take this as a challenge and see for ourselves.
“As meat producers, we have been treated too badly inside this market, because the buyers have been too expensive to export to Bangladesh, we have been denied conditions, therefore we are pleased to say that this market has become a cow market. It is only for export to Bangladesh,” said Bah Generous Warlarpih.
For this reason, they use the parties and people of those states to cover up the secret plans of the Hindus and RSS from Delhi.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 89841 and out of these 85917 have recovered and 1509 have died.
He said the Indian government has worked hard to rescue these citizens, including the establishment of Control Rooms in India and Sudan. so that the situation can be monitored and also so that all the activities can be carried out smoothly as planned.
They also said that the land where the feed mill does not exist is large and sufficient for the reconstruction of the feed mill, but the supervisors of the department have not used it. in that way, for bringing benefit to the sector as a whole.
Rajnath Singh carrying the coffin of one of the CRPF personnel who died in the attack by Pakistani militants.
So far, the US Navy ship, along with four destroyers, is reportedly already in the eastern Mediterranean and is now approaching Syria. as a preparation for the revelation of the power, which shall come soon.
The square has been renamed Kiang Nangbah Memorial Park, Syntu Ksiar, which is one of the most popular tourist attractions.
: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that after the request of the state government to suspend the arrival of troops in the state, the central government has accepted the request. request and temporarily suspend the arrival of troops in the state.
The meeting also elected the leaders of the Union for the three posts of President Mira June Myrsing, General Secretary Badahunshisha Dkhar and Treasurer Fionaliza. Circle.
In a statement, the Rangbah Shnong of Laitumhrah, Bah SB Nongdhar, announced that the village will be closed on that day to allow the people to attend the meeting. The rally will be held at Laitumkhrah Police Point at 9.30 pm followed by a mass march to the Polo Ground.
He complained that the four persons who were defrauded were identified as Kermiki Dkhar, M/s Hun Hardware, M/s P Kharsyntiew and M/s Benite Enterprise.
The Chief Minister said that the state government has also provided assistance to the employees for those days when they lose their jobs and this has reached T.51 crore which other states have not done as well. and the state of Meghalaya.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the aim of the program is to improve education and economic development in the village.
I, who signed my name in the room, I feel it is too late to review or renew the RP, with the understanding of both the parties, the Khasi Jaintia and Garo.
The Mendipathar railway line in Garo Hills is the first railway line in the state. Earlier, the railway line was built to operate freight trains. the government has proposed to build a passenger train.
Each truck carries more than 16 MT of goods, and each song costs more than `50 lakh.
The HNLC has said it wants the National Investigation Agency (NIA) to investigate into Mukul Sangma's denial that he has sent people to seek assistance from the party in the 2018 elections.
“Therefore, is their exercise of power from the people clean and is their going to ask for mercy from the people dirty? said Bah Nongrem and urged the people to be vigilant against such leaders who do not have the heart and spirit of compassion for others.
The blast in Beirut, which occurred in the past few days, has been the worst, injuring 6,000 people and leaving 300,000 homeless.
At the same time to protect the environment and earn a living.
He said the BJP also remembers Woh Kiang Nangbah in Jaintia and Patogan Sangma in Lum Garo.
Shillong, July 3: The wedding ceremony of the daughter of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, has spread quickly through the internet. This song is available on Facebook, WhatsApp and Youtube.
The District Council shall be the custodian of the customs and traditions of the community.
In a statement, the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that under the Meghalaya Eco-Tourism Infrastructure Development programme, 17 projects are in various stages of preparation.
He said that the party leader will decide on the new EC.
Karbi Anglong MP Horen Singh Bey, KAAC CEM Tuliram Ronghang and 12 Executive Members (ECs) of KAAC today arrived at the KHADC. Speaking to media, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that during the meeting, many issues related to the The Council has decided to cooperate in all aspects.
As soon as the first half started, the game started on both sides.
If officers are appointed who are still in office, they are not free to ask questions and investigate because they have to be afraid and obey their superiors or ministers.
On the other hand, in the ejahar filed by these three women, they admitted that on the night of the 14th at about 11:30 pm, while they were coming from Demsieniong by car, when they arrived. In Pynthor, a group of women guarding the village stopped their vehicle and sent them outside and immediately beat them and tied them with a hockey stick. this.
Mr. T. Kharumnuid, Mr. Fenando Nongkhlaw, Mr. Terence Phira, Mr. R. Tariang, Mr. R. Tariang, Mr. BS Mawrie and others.
He said that what is happening now is that the government, especially the departments or those who have called for layoffs, is that the appointment is on the way to get clarification.
Instead of maintaining the land, they are the owners of the land. If you ask for NOC from foreigners to build Cement Factories and Coke Factories, they are ready to give it. Your land will not be given to you for many years.
The JSU leaders also requested the Waheh Shnongs of the War area not to allow foreigners to set up any jobs that can be done by the locals.
We should have our own organizations to raise and speak out on issues that affect the residents.
Two Maoist militants surrendered before a joint team of police chiefs in Dantewada district of Bastar region, police said.
Shillong, June 12: The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Friday said that the increasing power outages by the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) are a violation of the right to use electricity. not mentioned in the Electricity (Rights of Consumers) Rules, 2020 and not announced by the Central Government.
The Act also provides for anyone on behalf of the public to lodge a complaint against government employees or leaders with this office.
Shillong, Naitung, 14: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Friday demanded that the State Government should pay compensation to those injured in the collapse of a football stadium. The Third Ground, Polo, was played in the third round.
People transition from childhood to adolescence and then to adulthood and old age.
Antioxidants are important compounds because they help strengthen cells and protect against oxidative stress which can cause serious damage caused by oxidants.
"Therefore, on 09.07.2015 I went to look for Babu Bajubon Kharlukhi at Mawlai.
However, he denied that it has already decided on the candidates and the deadline for receiving tickets has not yet expired.
The group, which includes coal traders, contractors, drivers and other political parties of Jaintia Hills, has decided to meet with the CEM of JHADC and the CM of Jaintia Hills. The meeting was held on the 9th of this month at Tuber Shohshrieh.
Sangma also said that he met Home Minister Amit Shah and congratulated him on his congratulations to the MDA 2.0 government and on his presence at the swearing-in ceremony. the Cabinet, last month.
Wallanderson Lyngdoh won the Mobile Photography category, Hanabon Syiemlieh won the Poetry category, Mightyson Syiemlieh won the Cultural category. You won the Rimaram Folk Academy and you won the Declamation Contest.
Aryan Borah scored 1/3
He said he would advocate for the issues of the Garo people and demand a Garo State to separate from the Khasi and Jaintia.
Besides these, there are many others who have been arrested but the case is still pending and the decision of the court is still pending.
We want our children to live in peace and happiness.
RC Evening Secondary School has reached the quarter-finals after beating Gujarat School 13-0 on Friday at the BR Ambedkar Stadium.
Therefore, this Lakhempong festival is an inclusive festival which means the participation of all the residents of the Raid Nongtung.
Although he was beaten and lost on the field, he tried his best to fight and in the end he lost after being beaten by the Bihar Rangiakura.
It is a tragic incident that a newborn baby has been thrown away by its mother in the forest at Langkadur Mihmyntdu, West Jaintia Hills District.
She maintained a driving job for many companies within the city.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs (Sorbad Khapsor) has convened the Union of Rangbah Shnongs (Sorbad Khapsor) to discuss issues related to the Dorbar Shnongs and others affected especially by the emergence of Rangbah Shnongs. from the decision of the Court.
The purpose of this program is to curb drug related activities so that the youth of War Jaintia area can be free from drug abuse.
There are 21 people who have been rescued, 31 sherdara houses have been prepared, 4885 people have been accommodated in these houses.
RK Rymbai, who lost the Dolloi election, said that the District Council has declined steadily and he is determined to serve the people through various laws of the District Council especially for the purpose of protect the land, the hills, the rivers and also the customs and traditions of the Jaitbynriew.
I am not surprised that we churches or Christian organizations call for prayer and fasting.
At the time of the discovery of the body, it was reported that the robbers had hung her clothes on a tree, but from the signs of injury it was said that it was a murder. and before she was slain, she was raped.
The incident occurred while Raisi and other Iranian government officials were returning from the border with Azerbaijan.
Many Khasi men are the owners of the village until they marry the owners of the villages and thus they are the daily poikha in the village of their wives.
He doesn’t make public statements like some politicians do.
The search for the abductees continued yesterday, led by the Sayeret Matkal group, which is a very successful group, to track down the militants and search for the civilians, who were abducted. kidnapped and imprisoned by the enemy.
We should not take the promises of this party lightly because we have seen that it does what it promises.
The meeting was held on Saturday evening at the Indoor Sports Hall, Mawlai Mawdatbaki (Mawapkhaw) in the presence of hundreds of MPDF office bearers from women, youth and elderly. Process T Sawkmie will contest the upcoming MDC elections from Mawlai Constituency.
Mebanshan Kharsati top scored with 41 runs from 49 balls while Kitlyngkor Nongkhlaw scored 2/23 in 4 overs.
He said Venus is one of ISRO's goals. "India has always shown that space is not the limit," he said, referring to Mission Gaganyaan. in which India is ready to send people into space.
This is also the first time that the party will have a leader who is not from the Nehru-Gandhi family in 24 years.
Ranajit Mahanta, Administrative Officer of the NE Futsal League, said that the tournament will open the door for talented players in the region for the national level as well.
You should not speak foolishly, lest when you ring the bell, you will become foolish.
Speaking at the meeting, Rickman Momin said, “Dr. Tariang has a lot of knowledge in managing the work and her hard work to improve the quality of health care from the for those in need of care is something that everyone knows well.
The North East Today Magazine June 2013 page 38, states: 'In 2009, the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly passed the CMJ University Act , who is originally from Bihar.
Himachal Pradesh has been worst affected by heavy rains with 91 deaths, 14 in Uttar Pradesh, 16 in Haryana, 11 in Punjab and 16 in Uttarakhand.
“If the trade continues as usual, it will inevitably lead to the spread of this disease in Meghalaya,” said War Jaintia Circle President Eddy Kery Pohtam. whether the trade through land customs will have any protection measures for drivers and border workers.
On the other hand, the village leaders appeal to the government authorities once again to look into their problem and to send for the construction of a dewbilat bridge from side to side so that the peace will not be only. but for the future of hundreds and thousands of students.
The Pastor said that these days, there are people who refuse to take the benefits provided by the government, because of the fear of Aadhaar until they drop out of school and flee to the country. forest.
(1) The earthquake in 2010 was not God's will.
The Minister also informed that the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma will lead the delegation to Delhi to meet the Minister of State for Human Resources Development.
Khliehriat, November 03: The Kyrmen Foundation Center in Ladrymbai, in collaboration with the Good Shepherd Parish, today held an awareness program with Dr Hughbert Dkhar. The program was held at Ïongkaluh village.
He said they don't know how long these new parties will last.
Let the trajectory of the investigation reflect what happened yesterday," she said.
It cannot be said that many of the Presidents of the Sengbhalang of these organizations earn a lot of money and live a comfortable life - they buy cars, mobile phones.
All this can be achieved by joining the CSCs in your communities.
Shillong, Lber 17: The 91.1 FM Radio Mirchi -It's Hot was launched by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today. hindi song according to the wishes of the people.
"What did you say?" asked the mother. "Have you forgotten? I said I want a bike to be happy and work. “If you don't have a bike, you can't reach 100,000 or more.
The Word of God says – “And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out of his prison, to deceive the nations which are in the world.
However, when asked, they said that they have too many rules while staying at home.
Jongksha SC, which came second, received a cash prize of 80,000 tyngka and trophies.
Do you see that the mothers are crying to hear this word from your MLA? Do you have any sympathy for them to be deported to Assam and if you have any sympathy for your fellow countrymen, give it to them. “Your answer through 10 votes by winning Bah Manbhalang Thabah from Pynursla and all the candidates whom we as a party are contesting,” he said.
Therefore, u Bah John urged the youth to come forward and become members of the office bearers of various sports associations to encourage and join hands with about 30 sports associations.
Those who oppose are those who have been bought or extorted through politics.
He said that Raidmynsaw Upper and Secondary School is not only a source of education in the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Mawlai MDC PT Sawkmie has been elected as the Vice President of the Shillong City Congress Committee. He was the General Secretary of the Shillong City Congress Committee.
The purpose is to enable Russia to use these weapons during its war against Ukraine in the coming days.
The announcement of the establishment of the new party was held at the Parish Hall Nongpoh, which is also the day we celebrated the 188th death anniversary of U Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem, one of the na u khla wait ka jaid byrniew that this organization has honored by laying flowers as a tribute to the miracles of this Syiem of the jaid byrniew who gave his life for the sake of freedom from the rule of the French or the Dohlieh from across the sea.
To avoid being deceived by agents who take them to various educational institutions abroad, especially from rural areas, it is necessary to have public awareness campaigns to educate parents who have been deceived. They have spent thousands of dollars in the hope of raising their children but they have turned into poor people.
Under this Act, the District Councils were established and when these District Councils were established, many of the land and boundaries of our District Council (United Khasi & Jaintia Hills District Council) were forcibly destroyed. ) and forcibly merged into the United Cachar and Mikirs Hills District Council which also extends to the present border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The DC office in Shillong, Shillong, has been busy with the filing of nomination papers for the elections. Not a single candidate has registered except for a few who have just come to collect their forms and submit their documents.
HITO President Donbok Dkhar said that the march will start at 3 pm from Madan Ïewrynghep to Laitumkhrah and end at Assam House in Dhankheti. Members of HITO will hold a candlelight vigil as a sign of condolences to the victims of Mukroh.
This is part of the protests against the Citizen Amendment Bill and the Inner Line Permit.
Furthermore, the winner of each of these categories will be prepared for a contract with the UFC. Initially, it was scheduled to be held today (27th) and also on the 28th and the winners will qualify for the semifinals and finals which will be held later this year.
The second list of candidates was announced by the General Secretary of the UDP, Bah Jemino Mawthoh at a meeting held at the UDP office. 34 constituencies will contest the 2023 election.
Police also seized 15 grams of heroin from the taxi ML-11-7
The two BJP MLAs who are currently in Shillong, have not returned because the electorate is full of children.
The whole society is filled with problems, turmoil and heading for a miserable future.
The BSF Meghalaya PRO said that the Border Security Force (BSF) has increased its patrols and surveillance along the Meghalaya border and has seized up to 2500 cows from across the state border from July by thwarting the plans of the smugglers.
Therefore, I appeal to the people to make a decision after weighing the advantages and disadvantages.
In the celebration of Christmas Week, the leaders of the Seng Samla Sohkyndur, organized various games, which entertained the children and youth in the village and at the end of the programme, the The competition was held in Rwai, Shad lem and many others.
Also present were the Principal of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Father Anthony Kharkongor, Principal of H.Elias Higher Secondary School, Shillong Brother Anand P Lakra, Principal of Umphyrnai Secondary School, Shillong. Kharumnuid, District Sports Officer of East Khasi Hills and other officials of the Sports Department.
My father was killed and I too may be killed one day.
Shillong, Nailur, 04: A coal truck (ML 06-A-0245), which was coming from Laitryngew to Byrnihat, overturned at 4 pm on Tuesday morning. Road 101 Area, Upper Shillong.
However, the plant receives much of its nutrients from the air.
Now that locusts have come and flew around the world and in India, what can they say? Now, what about those bloodthirsty men who have arrived in Russia? All of us are Briew?.
She suffered from the disease for 10 and a half months and on 28th March 2020, she passed away.
Shillong, March 24 : From 1950 to 1973, a woman from England came to live in Kharang village of Mawkynrew area and became a change agent from darkness to light. The residents of this village and the surrounding villages are still telling stories about its good deeds and its contribution to education, health, helping children and others. even.
Ma Pala, who is also MP Lok Sabha, said this while addressing the announcement of the Congress candidate from Nartiang and the introduction of members of the Nartiang Block Congress Committee held on Tuesday at Namdong.
He has won 29 career football trophies, including seven league trophies, including five UEFA Champions League, one UEFA European Championship and one UEFA Nations League.
Robert said the Reservation Policy also states that if some of these ethnic groups cannot fill only half of the 40%, their share will be extended for three years.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by Bah Roykupar Synrem today lodged a complaint with the SP of East Khasi Hills District regarding the shooting and bombing of its leaders. HYC Riwar Mihngi Circle, Pynursla Police Station, has been arrested.
In the MLA election, Brightstarwell received 24,262 votes.
Thus, it can be said that the best school is the home which is God's purpose to teach the young and the home is what the parents want that home to be.
The Youth Congress (YNC) on Republic Day held a dharna outside Congress Bhavan in Tura and later burnt the statues of Vincent, Deborah and North Tura candidate Billykid A Sangma and Gambegre candidate. The Sangma Of Each Other.
When her brothers went to help, the robbers fled.
Shillong, Jymmang 11 : The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday urged the North Eastern States to unite to defeat the BJP. “The party itself does not agree with the allegations made by some UDP leaders regarding the work of the NPP. “Whoever says, hopefully before speaking, they are to know the rules and regulations required to be followed in accordance with the Constitution of the country.
In 2018, when Ganga Prasad spoke in Hindi, there were MLAs who opposed him.
The purpose of the Garbage Disposal Truck and to hand it over to the Hima Mylliem is that the KHADC has taken care of the cleanliness in Ïewduh, said the CEM, Pynïaid Sing Syiem.
“I confess before you all that our team has met Dr Mukul Sangma and requested him to come back.
Referring to the role and responsibility of the Commission, Rakkam said the Commission will also look into the issues affecting the education sector in Meghalaya in terms of the management of government aided schools, the their service capacity, efficiency and transparency of SMCs and so on.
In the past, since the Battalion Camp in Saba, there has never been any problem in the area and the arrival of the BOP in Mukroh will bring peace of mind in the relationship with the residents. I don't want to go to Meghalaya.
“Ka seng will seek information through the RTI hop why the NHAI did not build the new road during the construction of the Bypass and why the T.3 crore Belley Brigde Bridge built by the BRO collapsed. “It's only a few months later, but at the time of appearance, the bridge will last about 10 years,” he added.
The teachers, who are not yet trained, have submitted a petition to the Minister of Higher and Technical Education, Kong Roshan Warjri on 7th November, to appeal against this.
The GHUA, which includes four MDCs, Rupert Sangma, Righteous Sangma, Devier Sangma, Levastone Sangma and Kendik Marak.
He said that they will also meet with the NHAI officials as well as the government authorities to find out why the area has been neglected in all aspects. roads, highways and other development works to improve the area, especially in terms of roads.
Referring to the CM elevate programme, Bah Paul said, “When it comes to the work related to the Arts and Culture Department which used to be thought of as a slow department but has been able to put the Tirot Singh Library in Dhaka, the Tagore Cultural Complex in Shillong and other works such as the foundation stone laying ceremony for the improvement of the State Central Library which has been progressing through the initiative of the Prime Minister.
In the second innings, Mizoram started the ball well as Meghalaya lost four wickets for 69 runs.
In East Khasi Hills, it has reached 60 per cent, Nongkrem 48 per cent, Nongspung-Sohiong 48 per cent and Laban-Mawprem 53 per cent.
India won the match 3-1, but lost 1-2 to the Maldives in the final.
Marak and requested that the government should release the salaries of 12481 persons who have completed the training including those who have not yet completed the training.
MUPSTA East Khasi Hills District.
The NEICC has about 35 Blang groups from different parts of the North East who have joined it and the theme of the service is “Christ, the Hope for Peace”. The service started at 7:30 pm followed by two public services and the closing service.
They said that if their demand does not reach anywhere, as farmers we will not hesitate to take other stronger measures, they added.
It was the way of doing and following the orders of the French after he came to conquer the Syiems of Khasi-Jaintia, according to the deceased ancestors.
The Wildlife Trust of India has donated a large amount of money in the name of what it calls the Rapid Action Project to preserve and protect the forests in this area.
In Khasi Hills, the NPP won only nine out of 45 constituencies, four in Jaintia Hills and two in Ribhoi. the NPP has been defeated.
The service was conducted by Pastor NK Syngkli, Chairman Youth Service of KJP Eastern Synod.
He said that after the work was closed on 10th June 2019, this year in November the contractor from Assam came to resume the work together with the workers. It is from Assam especially at this time when people are still banned from entering and leaving Meghalaya.
Speaking to the media, some of the youths who took part in the competition, both men and women, said that the competition was very enjoyable in which they received a lot of training in the field of driving. vehicles especially to compete on the roads, and expect in the coming years there will be more drivers who will appear in the world and also that they will continue to prepare for this tournament next year.
The complaint of the Meghalaya High Court, which has also declared the posts of Parliamentary Secretary illegal, is that since these posts are illegal, those who hold these posts are illegal. to return all the money, which they have taken, because the Constitution also prohibits such misuse of public money.
The birth of Jesus into the world was not like the birth of other babies.
On the suspension of these buildings, Tyngshain Makri said that the party will give 12 days to the former Rangbah Shnong of Bhoirymbong to explain to the public whether it is from the allocation of funds or the reasons for the suspension. this is the work.
This information comes through relatives.
He said that on the night of 21/05/2023 at about 10 pm which is Sunday, the woman went to the hospital because it was time to give birth to her child.
Shillong: Tomorrow, 30th November, at 1 pm, there will be a funeral service for Dr Donkupar Roy at Crinoline View and at 2 pm, the body of the Speaker of the Dorbar will be taken to Sohra. he shall be buried in Sohra.
Nongstoiñ: The FKJGP West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday renewed the office bearers of the FKJGP Nongstoin Circle, at a meeting held at the Circuit House DRDA Nongstoin.
Start the horse race, climb the cross, to make us free from sin.
However, it was important to remember that if parents and families do not take this aspect seriously to give time and teach their children values, they will not be able to learn externally in terms of and this, because it is true that goodness begins at home, as the saying goes. Charity begins at home.
The Committee requests the Alumni Association to donate wholeheartedly to the Alumni Association so that it can carry out its activities according to the objectives of the Alumni Association.
He has also served as SP in Kalaburagi, Head of Police Training College, Yadgir, and SP CID. He will take over the post from Vikas Kumar Vikash, IGP, Northern Range, who has also held the post in the city.
“They come screaming but they don’t cause trouble, they just scream.
The house was built in Moodymmai.
Earlier, out of 331 job seekers, 209 job seekers were recruited by the government and later 209 job seekers remained unemployed. only 20 women are unemployed.
The state government should have created the mechanisms to call for talks with the political parties to bring peace and order in the state,” said the opposition leader.
“It is shocking to see how much people are suffering since the ban on coal mining,” said Dr. Kharlukhi, “this is not the basis on which the Government stands but it is the my foundation.
I don't have that shuki.
The program was held at the JHDS Office at Lumbihsyntu on 22nd November
Regarding the allegation by the LRO against the KSU, Bah Paul strongly condemned and believed that these allegations are only a way to defame Meghalaya and its citizens.
“T.300 crore will not be enough to repair all the areas affected by the natural disaster and today, I have directed all the departments to collect the census. all the damage done".
“Therefore, in this regard, I urge and express to the government or any authority that in any decision taken by the SKNSBH, the Union cannot accept it without consultation and decision. ," the Union said.
When it comes to health, we don't have enough leaders to take care of those PHCs or CHCs so many of the sick have to be taken to private hospitals, as well as sports. “We have lost so much because we don't have proper policies and we have caused the young people in sports to lose hope. The sad thing is that the hopes of the young people in sports have been shattered only once five years ago. election as you witness.
“Regarding the demand of the MLA for 1 crore tyngka, if you still don't understand, come and I will show you the truth according to the legal notice that I received on 19th June I don't understand why you don't play chess,” said F.Marngar.
We have to understand that the struggle is between the people and this disease and not between the Government and the people.
Their leadership has been an inspiration to the youngsters who have the spirit to develop themselves in sports and through them it will also be a good example that it is through their hard work that they have achieved their goals. have reached this section.
When the wangmiangsar was finished, they were ready to eat the song.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah on Tuesday said that the implementation of the Odd-Even Order will start from Tuesday.
Mrs. Daplin now understood that Mr. Dengpleng had lived with Lanosha.
Foods high in protein, low in fat, fruits and vegetables are recommended among people with hypertension.
“I am in charge of the party's MDC elections in Meghalaya. I have already sent 15 applications to the party but they have not responded yet,” said Bashailang.
Speaking on the occasion, the president of the Village Organization Ialong, Kong Sngi Dhar, said that the VO Ialong has been in operation for one year and this training by SURE has benefited the farmers.
The union has warned the company not to dismiss such a person and replace him with another person and the union has given time to the company after an understanding to appoint another employee. Within two months, the party will take a strong action, the statement said.
Group F: Railways, Maharashtra, Andaman & Nicobar, Bihar, Himachal Pradesh.
2nd : Eufrazia Khongnoh, BA 5th Sem.3rd : Banshngaiñlang Rimiat, Sohra Govt.
The residence of Manipur Minister Nemcha Kipgen in Lamphel area of ​​Imphal West District on Tuesday night was set on fire by unidentified persons.
After receiving the information, the Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Municipal Board visited the scene to talk to the FKJGP leaders. he spoke to the leaders of the party.
Regarding the health department, the HYC said that the Specialist Doctors of the Government have been appointed as Medical and Health Officers (M&HO) under clause 3(f).
Patnaik, who also met Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss development issues in the state, denied that he had any intention of working with the party.
She said that she was shocked by the mistake in receiving these two questions from SBI and Canara Bank. She tried to talk to the NTA officials, but she didn't. She didn't get anywhere, but yesterday, which was also the day of the examination, she informed the Director Vijay Kumar and it was then that she learned that one of these questions was wrong.
These programs were conducted to raise awareness among the public on the dangers of drugs and to encourage the residents to fight against drug trafficking.
Train staff were also inspected and inspected to take care of their duties for the safety and security of passengers.
" I apologize and I'm sorry.
Furthermore, Bah Ardent urged the supporters of the VPP not to doubt that the party will be defeated because the VPP will stand firm until the end to stand on the basis that it has gone to the people. Before the elections, unlike other parties who take advantage in the name of the party and the jaidbynriew by supporting a foreign party to form a government.
Before closing, he left the shop and when they closed the door, Rida said sadly that she would not be able to complete her studies.
This life that God gives to human beings is different from animals, different from all creatures, it is very special, because this life will not end only in this world, but will have a relationship with God forever, ever.
At the inauguration ceremony at Mawkhar on Saturday, the Prime Minister used the term Minister of Home Affairs for Kong Roshan and others also used the same term as Minister of Home Affairs.
“The party demands that this woman, who has claimed to be a member of the party, should immediately apologize for these insulting remarks against the West. and if she continues to remain silent, the party will take legal action against her”.
The idea that MLAs should be in power in order to achieve development in the constituencies stems from the government's bias to distribute development in the state.
“We have been accused of forcing people to convert to Christianity.
No longer studying he felt free to think about anything.
Regarding this issue, some of the village leaders who are facing water shortage, said that just because of the lack of water supply, almost every household has to buy water tankers.
Shillong: Three retired officers have been convicted by a court of coal corruption and on the 3rd of November, the court will decide on the penalties to be imposed on them.
"“This happens only during elections.
The film will be screened in 11 states besides Meghalaya, Delhi, Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Kolkata, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland and Manipur.
I am very pleased that the Chenanggre Stadium at Adokgre is under construction and will be completed soon”.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 19: As citizens, we should be quick to decide to elect candidates who are able to serve the people, we should not elect after we have been bought, many of us, There are those who say I will vote for the one who pays school fees, there are those who say I will vote for the one who helps me build a house, there are those who say I will vote for the one who helps to pay for hospital fees and so on. personal gains.
“They have done it in a hurry, how many times Conrad Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarma have met and how many times they have met to discuss before signing the MoU even on Sunday.
Should ASHAs do only this one job, when the pay is low?
Besides many events, he recalled that the club has brought many successes in sports such as football, and is also involved in organizing sports events in the village.
“The construction of the tunnel and the road has progressed and we have set a target to implement this work within the next two years,” said Bah Hek.
The third largest market in the world is in India.
After a few months he built a room to turn it into a training center for young people who wanted to learn computers.
After hearing the speeches from both sides, the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, put the issue before the House for a decision on the privilege motion. The House rejected the Privilege Motion by Voice Vote.
Thus it was decided that the women should stay in their rympei and the men should write the raieh raidam.
He said that while the reservation cannot be fixed, the problem will continue even if the roster is implemented.
He said the rules of the SRDF could also be amended to allow for the preparation of this budget with the SRWP and SUWP as was done during the Covid-19 pandemic.
Phase-I and Phase-II of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) have been implemented for a long time and many villages in Shillong Municipality and surrounding villages have been implemented. , they had already received water but, they were not filled.
“We have discussed this earlier, we have stood on the ground that it is not necessary to insult those who live in Them Iewmawlong to move elsewhere but to move to a better place because the it is a market place, and it is crowded and there is no insult to them".
The District authorities have said that it is a temporary market but I as the leader feel that it should be opened because it is difficult for our farmers and traders to market their products to other places. , he said.
They were taken to Civil Hospital and later shifted to Supercare Hospital, Shillong for treatment.
The three men who were arrested by the Assam police on charges of involvement in the riots in Sabuda village were released on bail yesterday.
“If you compare with the state government in West Bengal you have suffered any tragic incidents,” she said. in the homes of the refugees, the government will provide without hesitation.
We should not be like the soldiers of Syiem Tirot Singh to find money on the road.
The most special characteristic of a child is that when he goes to church he doesn't feel happy when no one invites him to read, no one invites him to dedicate a sacrifice, no one invites him to sing a special song, no one sends him to be chairman. There is no elected elder, no elected Tymmenbasan, no pastor or priest.
The union has set a deadline of 48 hours for the Government to suspend the recruitment of jobs in various Government departments. stop this by issuing a statement, otherwise, the party will announce various protests.
But even outside this city, the pollution is the same.
This demand is in accordance with the Waheh Shnong Act of JHADC known as the “Establishment, Powers, Function, Jurisdiction of Dolloi, Sirdar and Waheh Shnong Act of JHADC. 2015".
Then shall he call them that do good, and say unto them, Woe unto you, all ye that labor with my father, for I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was in prison, and ye came unto me. I was sick, and ye visited me: I was naked, and ye clothed me.
According to the Meghalaya Police Act, the DGP should be appointed by a person whose retirement period should not be less than 10 years and the appointment of Acting DGP SK Jain is on the basis that he will retire. soon in the coming months.
They need land to cultivate.
Meghalaya is known as a “Christian State,” because according to the 2021 census, about 75 per cent of the population are Christians.
She denied that there will be any employees but it is the people who follow the rules of the MPSC, which can be taken from the website and submitted to them. social media.
The four demands of the HNLC are to remove the illegal registration of the Seng.
Those who sell nokot are quick to lose money but those who are slow to lend money without thinking carefully, the goods are small.
In a statement, the Sirdar of Mawmluh said that the Rangbah is mentally retarded and the relatives and the village have been searching for him but until now he has not been found. no information has been received about him.
It has been almost 10 years since the Riewlum fought for their own Hill State.
He is a leader, at the top and I don't want to discourage him.
The Hindu group also demanded that the churches inside the school buildings should be removed, the Northeast Now news portal reported.
He said that the ADCs in the past years have violated the rules of the Sixth Scheduled which clearly states that the Council needs to get permission from the Governor before it wants to move any council. Bill.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District has expressed its deep sorrow and strong condemnation of the lack of attention of the state government regarding the food and drink of the athletes and the conduct of the Meghalaya Games. 2024 which was held in Tura.
He said that the decision of the High Court on November 10, 2014 is the best because it has surprised everyone to make their own law. 100 people without laws in this age,” said Mansturdy Nongrem.
He said that in the past years the Assembly has passed a resolution on the issue of ILP, but the Indian government has not listened. He said that they are the MLAs who will lead the struggle until they get it and if necessary, they are the ones at the forefront who need to do it.
“It is almost impossible for the family members to come and look for or call again and all of them will stay in this mercy home until they pass away,” she said. Your Mercy Home will provide you with everything you need.
Speaking on the occasion, the Doloi of Raliang Elaka, Rangbah Chawas Lyngdoh, said that on the one hand, he is sad because the children of the raij can no longer participate as usual. He said that the Raij's ability to hold this Kopati Puja will bring blessings to all the children of the Raij, the Elaka, the country and the nation.
“This is the march of the India Youth Congress (IYC) from Bhatta-Parsaul to Parliament. Randeep Surjewala's Congress party.
Shillong, Jymmang, 15: As part of the awareness campaign among the drivers, whether they are drivers of commercial vehicles or private vehicles and those who drive two wheelers, especially this month, in India. The month of National Road Safety Month has been declared as the National Road Safety Month. (Traffic), East Khasi Hills, and Kamakhya Prasad.
Those who attended the program included District Heads and Staff of various Departments of South West Khasi Hills District.
However, he said that the 2nd installment has been released to the agency implementing the project.
This was found at Wakebokgre village where the Government LP School has not had a teacher for three years.
There are copies of the discussions (1946-1950) in the Constituent Assembly on the establishment and creation of District Councils and other valuable documents, including the Panchayat, the Instrument of Accession. , Annexed Agreement and many others, all in Khasi.
The demand for the creation of Rongjeng Civil Sub Division has been pending for more than 40 years.
“Mawkdok will be a model village where it will have adequate roads, drinking water, schools, footpaths and one of the projects I am submitting is to build street lights. at a cost of T.1 kur,” said Bah Chyne.
Don't deceive the people, for you are not deceived.
What changed the discovery was that out of these six syrnot, five of them were made with fake engine and chassis numbers.
They move around, do all the work they can and can live in any way, even the most difficult.
The Mission for Christ (MFC) has expelled Rev LR Colney, the pastor of the church, for contesting the BJP elections. Colney, who is contesting the election from Aizawl East I, has assured that he will win the election. His candidacy for the election will be held on 28th November
The hospital superintendent said that about 12 infants and children have died including six women and six men.
“We are confident that we will win from Sohiong because according to the information we have received, the victory belongs to our candidate,” said Bah Metbah.
These kharmetor don't even forgive the children and don't own the land,” said Donald.
Statistic : the meaning of counting, statistics is not counting; counting or counting is the thew of the woh as the price; thup is the song of the bag.
Conrad Sangma congratulated the police for the seizure of the drugs.
This year, Chinese citizens will be able to witness Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania, which will be released on the 17th of this month.
“For man shall not see me, and live” (Exodus 33:20).
Zeenat Aman, the great Bollywood actress, has a piece of advice for women and that is, they shouldn't be shy or like snowflakes. money of men, in their youthful relationship.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: Two persons arrested in connection with the rape and rape of a 14-year-old girl have been charged under various sections of the law.
You are the ruler of the people, the power is in the people.
The Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills stressed the need to maintain peace and order and a smooth election and urged the people to come forward to vote without any fear or pressure.
Sohra, Jymmang 20: As a sign of protest against the National Green Tribunal (NGT) ban on coal mining in the state, today the Chiefs of Village Authorities of Sohra area including the Syiem, Sordar, Rangbah Shnong, Thousands of people, coal miners and traders, coal miners and owners and drivers of coal trucks attended the meeting convened by Sohra MLA Titos Chyne at The Dorbar of the Village Headquarters, Sohra.
Those who attended the event included teachers, school children and staff from the office of the District Election Officer, Mawkyrwat.
She also wrote to the police that if they find that the child has pleaded guilty, they should punish the owner of the house according to the rules of law.
The team led by Bobby Lyngdoh Nongbet (head coach) produced four substitutes including Baby Sunday Marngar who came on for Chanmitre Thma in the minute. Everbrightson Sana Mylliempdah replaced Amon Lepcha in the 69th minute, Wadajied Kynsai Ryngkhlem replaced Hardy Cliff Nongbri in the 69th minute. Pursunep was replaced in the 86th minute.
Tip now that place has done how.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) recently alleged that Prasad was illegally appointed by NEHU, which has been criticized by many quarters for the JAC's demand for his resignation. Prasad from your office.
Shillong: U Ilarishisha Marbaniang, mother of Rueben Marbaniang, today came to clarify the allegation of spreading a voice massage against the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on social media. Rueben did not broadcast this voice message.
“Before we go any further into this film, know that Bah Raphael is a well-known actor in his field, as he has been in this line since the 1950s.
Shillong, June 23: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) on Tuesday issued a temporary ban on the mining of dew iong across Meghalaya and also the export of iong dew across Meghalaya. By issuing a new law, it has angered the truck drivers, contractors and also the coal owners in the State.
The son of Bah HDR Lyngdoh (Bam Kwai ha Dwar U Blei), Bah Nathaniel Rymmai, said that he does not feel that his father has passed away but he feels like he is still campaigning to meet the people. Sohiong constituency because he loves the people.
When asked, the Minister said that she cannot link unemployment with violence, because unemployment is a problem that affects all citizens, whether they are living in countries where and if there be no work, it is not a reason to give up.
Biggeston will take over from Herin Khongngai, the Sordar, who is still holding the post.
Denis Mukhim, who was convicted under Sections 376 and 511 IPC of rape, was sentenced to three years in jail and fined T.10,0 and if he fails to pay the fine, the Court shall punish him with imprisonment for another 6 months.
“If the central government has allocated 90 percent to 100 percent of the funds to the state, why is it difficult for the government to fully appoint teachers,” he said.
She said that if the authorities do not respond or build the road, she will sit at the gate of the secretariat, even if she dies, she will die for the sake of the future generations.
After this reduction, the MCLR for the year has risen to 8.45 per cent from 8.50 per cent.
New Delhi: India's Mundra Port in Kutch is under close surveillance by the Indian Navy on suspicion of Pakistani troops entering the port. on the coast of Gujarat.
Now, when the Prime Minister issues an order to ban the employees of the office from becoming Rangbah Shnong and then when he passes another law to restrict the Rangbah Shnong, (which and passing through the District Councils, there is a discussion these days, among the experts of the State, that this action of the Prime Minister, is a plan of the The Congress, to abolish the District Councils or to reduce the powers of Rangbah Shnongs in Khasi Jaintia.
On the other hand, the Congress said that the incident of raiding the farmhouse of the BJP leader has raised many questions on the future of the state under the leadership of the Chief Minister and Symbud Chief Minister.
Referring to the many allegations that the party and its leaders have made, Prestone said, “They can accuse and they can accuse but look closely as the days go by there are more and more elders and the leaders who joined the party".
“Inside the Head Office, they are post officers (Gazetted posts) and in the districts, the 40 to 40 quota has been implemented by putting the word “Local” or full villagers in the smaller posts, LDAs below. The question is whether a Khasi will go to Garo to apply for jobs and how many Khasi will apply. Jaintia Hills is in Garo district,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF) on Friday demanded that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma should not sign the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Assam unless The Assam Government has not returned Block-I which includes dozens of villages under the Labang Nongphyllut Dolloiship in the second phase of the demarcation.
This mluh contains about 20 tonnes of nitrogen per 100 tonnes.
The IDF on the following day continued its search operation at Al-Shifa Hospital, where it is suspected that Hamas militants are using the area as a hideout. They understood that nothing would happen if they hid outside the hospital.
Speaking to media, Lahkmen said that if the central government does not allocate funds, it will be difficult to complete the NIT Sohra as it is now.
Loving in words and deeds is not true love.
Conrad said the NPP will make history, as happened once in Meghalaya, when it won 23 constituencies in
There are 10,03,299 confirmed cases and 87,882 deaths.
The taxi was driven by Lostarwell Umiong, 25, of Mawlait village, while the LP truck (ML 05L 2191) was driven by Shanbor. Lyngdoh, 34, is from Lyngkhoi village.
Study and study hard, but you haven't got that place yet, according to the rights of your education, you haven't seen them.
On the other hand, the HYC through its office bearers said that when the electricity is turned off for 12 hours a day or 15 hours a day, the bill remains the same.
“We have built a warehouse in the NEF Region which has increased by more than 40% in the last three years, from 87070 metric tonnes to 122636 metric tonnes.
Announcing the implementation plan for the Tlang season, Kejriwal said that the Pusa Bio-Decomposer will be installed on about 5,000 hectares of farmland this year. against 4,400 hectares last year.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has denied the allegation by Bah Albert Thyrniang in his article that the VPP uses religion in its election campaigns.
The men's Compound team followed the same path as the women's team, which lost 235-2
On the other hand, Lajong, although they have won twice, are still far from reaching the top of the table.
These insects have reportedly destroyed farmland in Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh and have now reached Jhansi in Uttar Pradesh and are heading to Ramtek in Maharashtra.
On the other hand, the union has also decided that until the MCH Jowai is put into operation, it will not stand idly by because this hospital is the life and death of the entire Jaintia people and the union will not. HNYM-West Jaintia Hills District (HNYM) has announced that it will not rest until the construction of the hospital.
Shillong: There will be a Procession of Catholics in Shillong on 10th November, 2019 at the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christians Shillong.
At Mairang EWKHD, the 75th Republic Day of India was celebrated with great joy, in which people from near and far of Mairang area came together to celebrate at Dom Mawlum Stadium, where Bah Comingone Ymbon, Minister in charge of Food Civil Supplies & Consumer Affairs Dept.
The meeting of the ARPA will be held tomorrow at 4 pm, and the meeting will decide whether to appoint Bah Ardent as CEM or to replace him, as demanded. Shillong, Nailur 1: The Government has set up a committee to inspect the entry of people into the state and the committee is headed by the Chief Secretary, Bah PBO Warjri.
Shillong, July 22 : A small act of kindness gives hope to the soul that has the desire to fight so we should not be discouraged but should work hard to achieve the goal of victory. by Dr. Amanda Paquintein, Ph.D.
Three candidates have filed their nomination papers today including Teibor Pathaw from Mawlai, Lambor Malngiang from Nongkrem and Gabriel Wahlang from Nongstoin. HSPDP candidate Witting Mawsor and Nimarson Momin, UDP candidate from Salmanpara constituency.
Miraculous signs will appear on earth as Jesus' coming draws near.
The Traffic Police have also informed that all drivers of motorcycles especially pillion riders should wear helmets along with the driver and this prohibition will be implemented. from that date and if any citizens are found violating this prohibition, the police will take legal action under the Motor Vehicle Act.
According to the statement, the Government's silence has caused suspicion to the Sengbhalang because it has been more than two months since the Judge sent the findings of the investigation to the Government. freedom of speech, but the Government has listened.
Speaking to reporters, the Principal Secretary (Home) KS Kropha said that the Prime Minister will meet with the political parties on the 29th of July. world on November 3rd.
“While Bah Stanlywiss has not been declared guilty of any crime, we cannot prosecute him, we cannot accuse him of involvement in land grabbing and crime until the law is decided”.
It is on this basis that he said that if all the soldiers who have been arrested and imprisoned as political prisoners, will unite and come forward to demand Khasi Jaintia State and the Garo will demand their own demand. Garo State with the support of the people, there is no doubt that the Government of India has to take action on this issue.
Three foreigners, Dilip Boro, Ranjan Dianang and Betsung Basumatry, have surrendered to the Byrnihat Police Outpost. , so with the surrender of these three policemen, they are conducting investigation to find out more about the suspects.
After the victory, Kidambi will prepare for a fight against Chinese Taipei's Chia Hao Lee; who defeated his Japanese opponent Kenta Nishimoto.
Not only that, there were many youths who came to show that they had been shot in spain and the reason was that some of them were beaten, some were bombed in the head, some were bombed in the leg and some were shot in the leg. Others were shot in the hands and these showed the bloody body, which was shot on Tuesday night.
The kurs of this village are the Lyngdoh of Peinlang, Marngar, Lyngkhoi, Nongspung, Sangriang, Kharbani, Ryntong and Nongsiang.
The district magistrate has implemented the curfew to curb the spread of the disease, to relieve the pressure on the health department and to avoid the loss of precious lives.
The Congress has 29 constituencies in KHADC and JHADC, the UDP 29 in KHADC and 16 in JHADC. 13) and Independent 27.
Shillong: Regarding the construction of a transit camp by the Assam government within the Meghalaya border at Khanapara and the silence of the MDA government on this issue, Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem said: he said the issue will be taken up in the next session.
The manager said that the daily arrival of leaves at the Iewdielang is about 3-4 trucks.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: Archbishop Thomas Menamparampil, SDB, Archbishop Emeritus of the Archdiocese of Guwahati, has been appointed as the vacant Apostolic Administrator of the Diocese of Jowai.
The semi final match between Laitkor Rngi SC vs Lumparing SC and Mawlai SC vs PFR Football Academy will be held on 24th November 2023 at the First Ground, SSA Stadium. (Polo), Shillong and tickets will be available from the ground. Three trophies were unveiled by the Minister in charge of Sports, Assam, Nandita Gorlos on 15th November 2023 in Guwahati.
We will also go to the villages to explain to them so that they will understand the party's goals,” he said.
He said that the authorities have been ordered to punish them severely if they fail to fulfill their duties.
At the same time, Bah Arwan Tariang and Bah Alantry Dkhar were elected as the advisors of the party.
Independent candidate Ma Pil Khyriem has strongly criticized the issuance of NOCs to factories and the Toll Gate at 7 Mer which will cause problems to the residents of Ri Lum Jaintia as they will have to pay taxes. of the authorities in Ri Lum which has caused the loss of jobs to the villagers.
This means that Bengaluru FC will lose the captain in the first match against Kerala Blasters.
Two bags containing 60 soap packets wrapped in blue plastic bags and 30 pills of Nitrasepam were recovered from their bodies.
Shillong: Three coal trucks and a water jeep have collided at Madanryting village on the night of 24th June 2021 at about 11 pm.
Employees can call 1070 on or before 3rd June
“The UCC will affect our way of giving birth to women.
Mawphlang also beat Golflink 1-0
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has announced that the implementation of Section 144CrPC has been issued on 3rd October, He said that Section 144CrPC has been imposed on the mining of coal in the district until another order is issued by the NGT. It is against the transportation of coal or coal within or outside the District, the transportation of coal from the park or forest to the coal mines or the mining of coal along the National Highway 44 and PWD roads. nor to gather lymbung or carry any weapons except the security forces.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: Two FKJGP leaders Eldie N Lyngdoh and Reginald Thabah have been released on bail after four months in jail. today.
He said that at present, security has been provided only for night vehicles and the government will provide security for morning vehicles from tomorrow, he said.
“In these months, on my part, I have taken the initiative to meet with people involved in the community, including religious leaders, civil society leaders, civil society leaders, Dorbar Shnong, District Council leaders and others,” he added.
In the 81st minute, Sandhiya FC had a strong shot that went wide of the post and came back to the feet of Vandana Kumari who scored the fourth goal for Dadra and City Haveli.
Two female policemen were injured and were taken to the Civil Hospital.
The arrested persons are Kumkum Ahmed Choudhury, Ahiya Ahmed Choudhury, Bapan Ahmed Choudhury, Sahalam Laskar, Jamaluddin Choudhury of Cachar district in South Assam and Wanbiang Suting of East Jaintia Hills. Hills, Meghalaya.
Not only that, he should also think about the employers of the job he is doing later before he does it.
And if they are still alive, there will always be a human body inside the cave.
There will be no spot registration tomorrow.
If it wants to reduce traffic jam, issue an order that all government employees, from the highest to the lowest, should come and go by bus.
The following villages are still taking care of the Agor tree: (1) Nongdaju, (2) Nongwar, (3) Nongshram Rongbeng, (4) Kyllonmatthei, (5) Nonglangtur, (6) Riangud, (7) Riangna, (1) 8) Riangmaw, (9) Langmar, (10) Amarsang, (11) Nirang, (12) Pormawdar, (13) Kulang, (14) Nongumsor, (15) Nongjri, and (16) Nonghyllam.
By Bah Philip MarweiñThe 15 kilometers from Nongstoin via the road from Nongstoin to Nongjyllieh-Lawse-Sohparu and Diengsyiang is perhaps the worst road in West Khasi Hills District, but it is also the most dangerous road. All the people just want to see and visit the most beautiful village of Nongkhnum in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit said that the purpose of convening the meeting is to bring about understanding within the ARPA whether it is to change the leadership or not. The KHNAM leaders said that whatever comes out of the meeting whether it is clean or not after the 15th, KHNAM will think differently how to act.
Speaking to media on Friday, the Minister said that the Sengbhalang who have been on strike in Garo Hills want to talk and meet him when he comes to Garo Hills but the He promised to meet again with the ACHIK leaders on the day of his visit to Garo Hills.
Ratacherra CSC and Bataw FC on Thursday qualified for the Third Division Football Tournament of the EJHDFA at the Artificial Turf Ground in Diengshynrum, Khliehriat. .
“Many leaders promise only before the elections but when they win they don't give an account to the people of what they have done,” said Bah Khongdup.
Peace and development comes through the happiness and contentment of the indigenous people of the state.
It is represented by a line from 1 to
They said that at present, the students have to sit in crowded classrooms with about 6 students in one bench and 200 students in a small classroom due to lack of seats.
He said that in the past two years, there have been 32,000 members of the Youth Congress in Meghalaya.
The most prominent dynasties were those of Ptolemy, known as the Ptolemaic dynasty, and Selucus, known as the Selucid dynasty.
Those who ride a bike or a scooty are not allowed to ride a bike or a scooty.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi congratulated Kejriwal on seeing the results of the 2015 elections in Delhi, while AAP leader Yogendra Yadav said it was not only the results of the 2015 elections. Those who think that they are poor vote for the AAP but those who have more money also vote.
It is recommended that those who like to drink umpjah should not drink before or after 20 minutes of meals or drink between meals.
Guwahati, 12 November 2017: The Assam Don Bosco University (AST) has held its 6th convocation at Azara Campus on 9th November 2017, where 724 students have been admitted. degree of theirs.
Tiplang Rasmut scored the first goal for Nangbah Iawmusiang FC in the 10th minute.
The road starts from Jowai to Malidor.
The total number of cases in Maharashtra has risen to 94,041, followed by Tamil Nadu with 36,841 and Delhi with 32,8
He also urged the Village Leaders under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong Bah Ïostar Sun to send proposals for the 2 roads, the Multipurpose Hall cum Mini Shopping Complex and others which the village still needs.
“The members of the Association said that they will hold a meeting to discuss the measures to be taken by the state government to promote films from outside the state.
The meeting was conducted by Lawbah Zone President Lomes Marbaniang in the presence of Mawsynram Circle President Olansing Suin, Mawsynram Circle Youth Wing President Tamdor Risaw and other party leaders. from Sawsymper, Phlangwanbroi, Dangar and Hatmawdon Zones.
Speaking to reporters, the President of ARBDGRC&SA, Bah FM Mawphniang said that the demand of the ARBDGRC&SA on the jobs in Ri Bhoi should be given first to the contractors and suppliers from Ri Bhoi. This is after many of the contractors and suppliers in Ri Bhoi have expressed their concerns regarding the lack of employment, as many of the jobs in Ri Bhoi have been done by foreign contractors. you District.
JOWAI: Ma Chanky Lyngdoh MDC of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday joined the National People's Party (NPP). Gilbert Sten, NPP leader from Mowkaiaw Constituency 4, said, “The NPP in Mowkaiaw has become stronger and all four candidates will reach the goal”.
In the heat without food, the Suid Tyndep had stirred up the rang kynsai and forgotten to pay tribute to Lyngwiar dpei, first, as they had done before, to save the lives of the people.
On this occasion, the children of Raij Chymang welcomed Pator Raymond Nartiang along the journey from the entrance to the border of Chyrmang village. I didn't go to the house of Langdoh Kongwasan Chyrmang.
When they won again, the MLA from Mawphlang did not contest the election while the MLA from Mawryngkneng lost to the VPP candidate without thinking.
Darrang-Udalguri: Shri Anwar Ahmed 5.
Pateinki Sabah and Moodop Royal at 1.00 pm.
KSU Namdong on Tuesday visited Namdong CHC and found that until 11 pm the staff of the hospital have not arrived.
AITC MLA Rangsakona Zenith Sangma said that this is a decision that doesn't matter to anyone.
He said that the Assam police had tried to stop the Karbi, but the Karbi did not believe anything and came to the field.
These days, to find a car is not easy, to get a curfew pass is not easy, to find a daju is not easy, to find a driver is not easy and the most important thing is to provide goods. It is easy, because the demand is high, while the supply of food and beverages is slightly low and when this is the case, the law of economics works well, that it always There is an increase in the price of goods, due to the increase in purchase and the lack of goods in the shops.
However, you must not walk in the paths of the law, nor must you accept the paths of anyone.
I hope that inside this college and Higher Secondary School which was opened today it will be like this because it was founded by the Association which we respect very much. This is the reason why schools and colleges are not established.
The voters at Lower Primary School in Khatliyar, Umrongso, had only 90 votes, but they allowed those from another school or Muldham Lower Primary School to vote. vote at Khatliyar LP School and thus the number of voters has increased to
In the next few days, journalists will meet with various groups and meet with leaders of Assam and Meghalaya.
Therefore, the law enforcement authorities should arrest by setting along and warning the woman who dances improperly so that such incidents which defame and disgrace the nation and the state will not happen again in the future. bud from the front.
But now why is the Government worried and worried about protecting it,” said Mukul Sangma.
On this day, it was also found that the fish from the smallest to the largest were dead and this was witnessed by the people. and they that were in the water died, because the river suddenly turned bitter.
Shillong, March 31: Unidentified robbers have detonated a petrol bomb at the house of Bol Bahadur Chettri at Mawiong Rim, Shillong this morning.
The SRT team is still searching for the body of the mother of the child who was missing in the collision.
The Prime Minister said the government has cut the budget by 20 percent to curb the impact of the lack of revenue collection.
“The General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw in a statement, said, “Attempts to introduce a system that will focus on one principle, by violating the principles of the HNLC the presence of other religions or to be non-religious in the government.
Therefore, let us work together to promote horticulture, organic products and other products from Meghalaya.
Aziz Ahmed Khan, AIUDF MLA from Karimganj South Constituency and Nizam Uddin Choudhury, AIUDF MLA from Algapur Constituency have completed Class
The chief guest, Bah FR Kharkongor, announced the literature that was written from the mind and heart of Myllung Soso Tham in those years when society was still in the throes of during the rule of the Foreign Government and at the beginning of the development of Khasi literature.
Nongstoin, July 11: Two suspected members of the AMEF have shot dead a gatekeeper at Rong Khugre at 6 pm this morning. in the West Khasi Hills.
For the Team Event, players who have participated in competitions such as State level competitions organized by the State Sports Associations, State Sports Council, School Game National and State Sports Departments can participate in this event. choice.
The reason I gave was that it was too late for them to write, so the Dorbar Shnong could not refuse to listen.
Women’s empowerment is the empowerment of the present and the future.6.
The Home Minister is in talks with various government leaders in the North Eastern States and it has been agreed that they will agree on a middle ground on the bill, Madhav said. .
) Mizoram Police said that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Union Government has directed the Mizoram government to hand over these Myanmar troops to the Assam Rifles who are guarding the Myanmar-India border.
Shillong: Pay For Right Shillong in collaboration with NYK Sangathan, Shillong East Khasi Hills District has organized a Walkathan as part of the celebration of the Fit India Movement on the 18th July at Polo.
He also recalled the former Governor of Meghalaya, MM Jacob who passed away on 8th November, 2018. He said that he was the only Governor who came to eat and sit in the house of Your house is located on Golflink.
There have been 103 deaths today, bringing the total number of deaths to 2,4
Shillong: Tourist vehicle drivers from Shillong to Assam have been banned from entering Shillong and vehicles from Shillong to Assam have been forced to get off at Khanapara Ribhoi District. A tourist driver from Shillong on 22nd June 2020 at the International Airport, Borjhar, Assam in which a clash broke out between tourist drivers from Assam and Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Legal Department, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Prevention of Disqualification Amendment Bill, The House of Representatives in the recent Synrai Session requires the approval of the Governor.
Many criticized and supported her speech, saying, “I am an Indian and Hindi has nothing to do with my Indianness”.
“We are ready to provide any assistance to the needs of the meat vendors,” she said.
The DC of Ri-Bhoi District has allowed vehicles carrying less than 30 tonnes to pass through the Dwarksuid Bridge after receiving reports that the Bridge has been in trouble.
He receives Rs.10,500/- per month,” said Kni.
The Governor distributed cash prizes to these three villages.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shong and the area as a whole, in order to prevent any fires in the area, demands that the government should install fire trucks, because in Jirang Constituency, until now, no There is no Fire Service, he added.
They are also rich in biotin which helps to strengthen your hair.
and the staff of the National Tuberculosis Elimination Programme, such as Nikshay Mitra who provided food items to these 27 TB patients for 6 months.
Glorify Kurbah won the bronze medal in the women's 800M, finishing in 2.22.83 seconds.
Many speakers such as Bah Wilbert Rani, President of FKJGPsengkmie, Samla Samuel Jyrwa Chairman of NESU and other leaders spoke and stood in the same voice with the urge to love the people as Tirot Singh Syiem and they continue to insist on the same issues such as the demand for the removal of Khar metor, uranium and the demand for strong laws against the authorities.
This is true not only in DTO Shillong but I have found and found in DTO Jowai as well.
Lakiang also praised SURE for its public service and promised to lend a hand to the organization if it needs his assistance.
This year's Durga Puja celebrations have ended without the celebration of Bijoya Dashami.
In the second half, Khliehïongriang played well as the ball went straight to Mookyndur, while Khliehïongriang tried to turn the tide but it was time for Khliehïongriang. the fight is over.
The Minister in charge of Sports & Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri, on Tuesday said that the works related to the renovation and beautification of the JN Stadium Polo, have been completed. completed to date is about 70 percent.
Shillong, July 10: The owners and drivers of commercial vehicles under the banner of the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) have said that it is very difficult for them to operate during the curfew. residents and if you walk it's like throwing away the petrol bill.
“The meeting will look for ways and means to resolve these issues,” said Bah Lapang.
This is according to a statement sent by the General Secretary of HYC Sohra Circle.
Kerlang Nongrum scored 42 runs from 19 balls while Gaurav Dey scored 25 runs from 25 balls.
The Congress has been severely affected when Dr Mukul Sangma and 11 Congress MLAs have fled and joined the TMC which is now the Opposition.
This is in Mawpat village, District.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The Joint Action Committee of the Association of Teachers of Meghalaya (JACATAM) has strongly opposed the proposal of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) to prepare and set the questions for the Class IX examination. .“This proposal of the Board to prepare questions is not acceptable.
According to the recommendations of the Expenditure Finance Committee (EFC), the allocation for the NESIDS will be T.8139.5 crore including the cost of ongoing projects.
The struggle of the MGSPHSVA was long and fierce.
If other Governors come after him and they don't speak English well, we can't help but listen to the speech in Hindi.
Dr. S. Radhakrishnan was elected Vice-President of India in 1952 and President in
The lead actors of the film are Samla Phira Dohtdong, Samla Rap Biam and the lead actress is Samla Tracy Basaiawmoit. 29th October 2019, but for unavoidable reasons, it has been postponed and the exact date of its release will be from 26th April to 2nd May. ).
Therefore, after the NTC has sent a petition to the Minister of Transport and other government officials, the NTC will urge the people, Dorbar Shnongs and Sengbhalang to leave the country. “To express our opposition and to raise public awareness against the installation of a weighbridge by the government in the city centre,” he added.
WHEN THERE IS A THMA IN MYANMAR AGAINST THE ROHINGYA, BUSES TAKE PASSENGER SHANE, And now we see that in Mawprem Jhalu, there are houses with up to 20 owners to live in. wild boars to commit theft, robbery in the morning and illegal drug trafficking.
A 12-year-old girl has been raped by her father and this has come to light in recent days.
The street drama was held at Wahiajer, Nartiang Market and Lad Phramer.
Mawkyrwat, November 20: U Vincent H. Pala, Member of Parliament from Shillong Lok Sabha Constituency today on 19th November, 2022 on a visit to the Presbyterian Higher Secondary School. , Mawlangwir (PHSSM) said that the ability of the churches to set up schools across the country has been of benefit to many to improve education.
The decision will be taken on 1 November 2023 and 1 July 2024, after the expiry of the deadline to ensure that all foreign workers have left.
“I would like to inform you that the threat made by the rebel groups to some MLAs including in 2011, to support a political leader or they will be banned from entering Garo Hills,” he said. MLA from Gambegre Constituency and added that there are dozens of insurgent groups in Garo Hills at this time which are disrupting the peace and order.
He was also charged under two counts of criminal mischief in connection with his bringing a firearm to school.
Anyone who sees or has information about them is urged to inform the police and nearby police stations.
The DC has urged the shopkeepers, market vendors, wholesalers and fair price shop dealers to vaccinate themselves to protect themselves and others.
This statement was made by Bah Amazing Kurbah while congratulating Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit on the third day of the funeral on 25th June
The union has urged the DM&HO office and the Chief Minister of the area, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of State to take action. to open this Sub Center immediately so that the poor and needy people of the area will receive great blessings through this Sub Centre.
“You have to be careful.
Hek said that once they have finished writing the examination, the students can come home without the need for quarantine or testing of the students or family members who went to follow the examination. You can take the examination at USTM Ribhoi District.
He said that after visiting Mukroh, it was found that it is still within the border of Meghalaya.
In his speech, the Minister said that the state government has also taken special measures for the development and improvement of the syrti farming industry in the state.
“The illegal mining started as soon as the NPP and BJP took power in the state, the people involved in the illegal mining are the people in power, the The promise to reopen the coal mine within six months is a mistake,” said Dr. Mukul.
In July last year, the KHADC had sent the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Village Administration) Bill, 2014 to the State Government through the Department of District Council Affairs (DCA) for approval.
The body has been removed under the arrival of the police and his family members.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Prestone Tynsong said that there are only three days left for the people to give their final decision on the first day of the month, to go to their respective places to see the change through new representatives.
That incident has reminded us of the presence of many drivers of vehicles and two wheelers who do not have time to think for others whether they are inside the vehicle or on foot.
Nongpoh, July 16: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) has strongly opposed the production of smoke by a company in Rajabagan, Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi district as it affects the health of the residents. .
“Tomorrow there will be a march to Parliament if the police stop us,” he said.
He said these defects in the machines have affected the state as it lacks up to 122 Megawatts of electricity and this is not enough.
He said that at present there are only 200 beds and other facilities for the sick and he hopes that through the authorities they will improve the services that this hospital will provide. The best health services not only in Meghalaya and other North Eastern States of India are expected to make this health center one of the most prominent and adequate health centers in the country. the state of India.
We also witness the great contribution of the Village Authorities and the people to the Government Authorities and the for residents of the village.
In the 89th minute, Pynbha Suting scored the second goal for Mawlai SC.
Therefore, although Israel did not want the war, it is up to Israel to end this war,” Netanyahu said.
The JHDS (Jowai Diocese) has so far reached out to 2305 households in 72 villages of East and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
While at home, they have to leave only their younger children, so if the fire spreads quickly until the arrival of helpers, it is dangerous not only for the house but also for the souls. man too.
The video was widely shared on TikTok, where it has nearly 3 million views.
Some of the Rangbah Shnongs, while talking to this reporter, did not agree with the bill, to show that only those who reach the villages, are bad, but from their point of view, it is a big threat. , is for those who have illegally entered different parts of Ri Khasi Jaintia and who have not yet settled in their homes, but who have reached the forests, the crematoria, the coal mines and These are the ones who pose a great threat to the society and not to those who have entered as foreigners in the villages.
According to him, about 2 lakh women from 46 blocks took part in the tournament online.
Bokhari left the PTI hours after her release from Adiala Jail, where she was arrested and charged under Section 4 of the Maintenance of Public Order.
The family members of the deceased have requested that if anyone has any information about him please contact +91 8974537105 or +9
The Khasi Student Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District Unit, led by Samla Leningrad Tariang, General Secretary, Conard Sana, Education Secretary, Jowai Circle, in the presence of Samla Ladaplin Haiong, President, Girls Wing War Jaintia Circle, Larisa Lamin, who has passed the HSSLC Art Stream examination conducted by MBOSE this year, was honored by the Northeast Adventist University.
MLCU has increased significantly in terms of admissions for the year 2020-2
Jowai, Jymmang 9: The Jowai District Session Courts have decided to convict Shaibor Lyngkhoi for his involvement in the rape of a child who is the daughter of his brother-in-law. of himself.
Ri-Bhoi SP CVS Reddy said that Bah Nongrum, who was arrested from Umdihar, admitted that he is a member of the Village Defense Party (VDP). he was trying to stop the robbers who tried to riot that day.
He said the emergency needs in the Philippines from the disaster have been so great that the most urgent needs are drinking water, food and shelter.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the foundation stone laying ceremony of these projects is part of the promise to Karbi Anglong District that the government has announced before the holding of the project. election last year.
A good man does not do good deeds unless he has first established his own thoughts and feelings in his own heart.
?" asked another. “Malu ma la, but only for a while.
These 17 issues have been agreed upon by all countries of the world by
During the one-day session to discuss the two issues, Prime Minister Arvind Kejriwall urged the Indian government to repeal the two bills.
Many youths from the villages, who have expressed their concern about the failure of the police department, in issuing the announcement, for the recruitment, which has covered thousands of jobs, has been announced. only in one or two newspapers and also, where it was announced only once.
When asked by the MLA of Nongthymmai Constituency, Charles Pyngrope whether the design will include the shopping mall, Prestone said that it will include all the shopping malls.
“At present we cannot say what the UCC is, because we have to fall into its broad ideas, but the UCC refers to Civil Laws and not Criminal Laws,” he said.
We praise and thank God for producing a great thinker like Rev.Dr.Iarington Kharkongngor who has served body and soul for his family, the Church, the country and the nation.
A wise person will not be misled by a politician.
Marshall Pariat alone scored 60 runs (9×4 and 3×6), Dauru Lato scored 28 runs (5×4 and 1×6) while Teilang War scored 27 runs (2 ×4 and 2×6).
Jowai: The annual Lehniam Behdeinkhlam of the Sein Raij Jowai which started on the 30th of this month has ended today amidst the festivities. Jitendra Singh, Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tyngsong, Minister of Urban Affairs Hamlet Dohling, Minister of Tourism Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister Social Welfare Minister Bah Kyrmen Shylla and other MLAs came to witness the closing ceremony of the Sein Raij Jowai today.
Elon Musk has joined the five richest people in the world, followed by Mark Zuckerberg ($99 billion), Bill Gates ($121 billion) and Jeff Bezos. $188 billion).
Among other things, the most important thing is the light through reading and a thorough knowledge of the Word of God.
Bah Shanbor and two of his friends went out to Bah Let's house to inform him.
Those who are Jaitkpa don't have any problems when it comes to employment and we are recognized as Khasi wherever we are in any state of India.
The incident occurred after three children following a four-wheeler bus were shot dead by some Harijans due to a parking violation.
Those who are interested can go to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Block Development Officer to register.
The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) and the Union of Urban and Khapsor Taxi Drivers (SNTSK) should not be surprised by the decision of the East Khasi Hills District Administration. Their behavior as commercial vehicle drivers, that is, that they are the main cause of traffic jam in these two places.
During the election campaign, Union Home Minister Amit Shah said that the MDA 1.0 government is the most corrupt government in the country.
And it is a place full of dead bodies.
The announcement of the candidates will be made on 13th June.
