Dibrugarh, June 11: Union Home Minister Amit Shah today concluded his two-day visit to the Northeast by visiting Dibrugarh, Assam to attend the foundation stone laying ceremony of the Northeast Region. He said that in the Lok Sabha elections 2024, the BJP will win about 300 seats and Prime Minister Narendra Modi will win 300 seats. formed the government for the third time.
The purpose is to raise awareness among those who live near the river not to throw garbage into the river.
Through this tournament, it will be possible to promote the trade and marketing of the traditional food and beverages of the indigenous people of this region, to spread around the world.
These are skills and knowledge that we already have and that we can develop further.
He said for example, Meghalaya should have a relationship with another state to share jobs, culture, films, research, entrepreneurship, and others. It will strengthen Team India and not just Team India as a group of government ministers.
She said that the Council has already signed an agreement with the NIC department of the state government to implement the computerization of the Professional Tax but it is facing difficulties due to lack of funds.
Also present on the occasion were CEM JHADC Thombor Shiwat, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Umroi MLA Damanbait Lamare and others.
In this incident, the bus escaped from falling into the road even after the rear part of the bus reached outside the road.
Speaking to reporters, BJP State General Secretary Dipayan Chakraborty said that although they accept the police's request, the way they are acting does not match and they should change their behavior because that it is a threat to the people.
" World AIDS day is celebrated on 1st November every year where people from all over the world give their support for PLHIV and to end discrimination against such people and also to remember those who have lost their lives from AIDS-related diseases. a chronic illness that cannot be solved until after the citizens oh to take an active role.
The woman alleged that two men broke into her house and stabbed her in the neck with a knife so that she would not run away. The two men were identified as Dhola. Sheikh and Moza Sheikh, after being raped, said that one of them, Dhola, had taken a picture with her and ordered her to show a picture of their love.
“Wherever you go, you will leave your place.
In the third division, Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu beat Loompyrdi Iongpiah 3-1
Shillong, July 20 : The State Government has handed over land to the NHIDCL and the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) for the construction of the Shillong-Dawki Road Project. .
At present, Meghalaya has 25 NIOS Study Centers in five districts of the state – East Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills, Ri-Bhoi, East Garo Hills and West Garo Hills districts.
He said that until now, the Village Employment Councils (VECs) have been facing difficulties in the implementation of the scheme of the Central Government and the reason is that the Government has released only the money to pay to the Village Employment Councils (VECs). Job Card Holders and while the money for the purchase of equipment has been suspended for two years and this has caused a delay in the implementation of this scheme of the Central Government which benefits not only to However, if the scheme can be implemented properly according to the objectives, it will bring about many changes in the development works in the rural areas.
This article is not available.
Many roads have been severely damaged by the floods, many bridges have been damaged, schools and so on.
Shillong, July 11: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Friday approved the Drug Reduction, Elimination and Action Mission (DREAM) to free Meghalaya from the scourge of drugs.
, Renshi.
She said that through the photographs displayed in the exhibition, the students learn about the unknown heroes of the North East who contributed to the independence of the country.
They haven't decided if this is really the best and if it will remain the best forever.
There are three parts to the labor license, Skill Labor License T.200, Semi Skill Labor License T.150 and Un-skill. labor license at the price of T.
This was announced by the Minister in reply to a question by the UDP MLA from Shella, Bah Balajied K Synrem. In 2022-2023, the government has received T.9.67 crore through this scheme.
Relatives of Wanboklang Kurbah (20) who went missing on the same day and Phibankyntiew Sunn (18) of Marbisu, East Khasi Hills.
Therefore, in this reading, we will assume that the word “eternal life” refers to a meaningful life.
It was under his leadership that BFC became the first team in the history of the ISL to top the league and win the title in the same year.
At the same time, the HITO has urged the CEM of KHADC to take action to conduct inspections and searches regarding the foreign drivers inside the Khasi Hills. To register with various organizations, vehicles driven by Meghalaya must have a Labor License from the Council, vehicle owners must also have a No Objection Certificate. (NOC) from the Council together with Police Verification and also those who set up tour agencies or Tour Agencies owned by foreigners must obtain a NOC. The Council because there are many people who have established agencies without proper documents.
Voice of the People Party (VPP) Leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said the government should adjust the reservation policy according to the number of ethnic groups in the state. in the state of the country.
“To complete this step and ensure that our new leader is well-equipped to participate in consultations with the government, we need some time.
He said the village is deeply concerned about this issue and feels that the government should create the mechanisms to resolve this issue.
Furthermore, even the AITC which has been in the State for several months now, there are many good and skilled candidates, well qualified and snar.
During the day, the border gates were opened to allow farmers to enter their fields.
In the 88th minute, Malki had a chance through Kenny Kharnaior who headed the ball into the net.
The second round of the tournament will be played between St. Anthony's College, Shillong and Ri-Bhoi College, Nongpoh.
The office bearers include President Bah Wantylli Dohtdong, Vice President T. Khongkai, Secretary W. Shylla, Jt.
“At present, the By-Pass road needs to be repaired immediately from the cleaning of all parts of the road,” but the government does not believe anything.
This was announced by the General Secretary S. Pajuh.
It is learned that those who burn the tyngshop statues in Guwahati will be arrested and the police have taken care to prevent any untoward incident.
These village roads will be improved and painted at a cost of Rs 10 crore and the total length of these roads is about 1 kilometer.
At the same time, the union urges the officers of the supply department to check the arrival of ration in the area, not to slow down as usual and that there will be no overcharging. On the basis of the price of vehicles or daju and that there will be no kilo cut of ration from the FCI to the wholesalers, from the wholesalers to the dealers and from the dealers to the public.
Secretary but shall not be called the full Secretary.
Meanwhile, rumors have spread that there will be a curfew on Tuesday, 11th July, but sources from some Sengbhalang leaders have not yet said. something, but they said they would soon announce the necessary.
Now they have come in new uniforms, to promise you that they will look after various issues, the people have already tried and experienced them”.
It was informed that the examination has been completed since March 2015, and she has received the mark sheet, but the only thing left is the syrnod which she has not received yet.
This morning, Deputy Chairman Harivansh Singh visited the MPs at the place where they were sitting in front of Parliament.
Shillong, July 19: The Fourth Teachers Committee of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) today demanded that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma should call for a meeting with them on the issue of 1500 teachers. 4th Teacher teachers have met and want to talk this month.
What does this people's leader who is against the removal of the traffic jam in Shillong have to say about the empowerment of the land vendors by continuing their land vendors?
“As the leaders of the Union we have met with the Joint Mission Director and other managers of the National Health Mission (NHM) but the meeting was not successful and that is why the employees of EMRI-108 will stop working first. from the morning of the 18th,” said MEMRIWU President Microlina Syiemlieh.
Shillong, July 20: Before inspecting the Umngi Bridge, the FKJGP Mawkyrwat Circle has held a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District. In the presence of members of the party from SWKH District under the leadership of President and Publicity and Information Secretary Bah Borbanjop Wahlang.
The Government has also set up a Victim Compensation Fund to raise funds to provide assistance to the victims of such violence.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will introduce two more Bills in the Budget Session starting from the 26th. and Promotion of Khasi Social Customs and Tradition Bill 2016.
Furthermore, why wait for them, because there is all the information you need on the internet, it will depend on your will.
Shillong will be one of the cities to host the tournament in
Modi spoke for more than two hours and touched on many issues and tried to turn the Opposition around and accused the Congress party especially its leaders like Jawaharlal Nehru and the government. Indira Gandhi on the issues affecting not only Manipur, but the entire North East.
Furthermore, the Seng demands an explanation from the government authorities why the police have the authority to use these types of explosives in shops and public places which have nothing to do with this protest.
No doubt all of us have a house yard where we plant flowers and use for walking.
“We will hold a 'Dharna' on Friday at 3 pm.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday promised that the Government will consider the proposal to introduce the Minimum Support Price (MSP) for rice.
In fact, even those 'High-Level' sit outside the jurisdiction of the laws and regulations.
Two candidates have contested for the UDP ticket, including Donkupar Sumer, Vice President of the UDP Ri Bhoi and Samla Sunshine Makri, President of the Umsning Constituency People's Forum (UCPF) and who has applied for the UDP ticket, said: Donkupar Sumer and Sunshine Makri are the only prominent candidates from the UDP.
“Righteousness is the only path that leads everyone's life to God the Creator”.
“The cost of educating deaf and blind students is very high.
Sudhan said the Foundation will provide technical, engineering and medical training at nine schools in Andhra Pradesh that have contracted with the Foundation.
When asked about his preparations for the mid-term elections, Danggo said, “We have been preparing for the Civil Sub-Division and today the demand has been fulfilled.
The report also said that these bottling plants have not provided any statistics on the purchase and use of ENA and have not reported this to the excise department.
“How the minorities have been treated in society is a sign of the character of that society.
Faster treatment of victims of lightning and earthquakes: To provide emergency assistance while we wait for doctors to save lives by providing First Aid.
Mawrathud SC took the lead by scoring in the 20th minute and lasted until the end of the first half.
The Dorbar Shnong has also decided to close the road from the main road to the factory as it has been damaged too much and the factory has not repaired the road even after the complaint of the residents.
The AIUDF MLA also alleged that the state police department is very strong in terms of fake encounters and the Governor should be aware of these illegal activities.
The two Waheh Shnongs of the two villages, Iooksi and Khonshnong, have clarified the report on April 5 that there is a conflict between the West Jaintia National Council (WJNC) and the West Jaintia National Council (WJNC). these two villages.
He said the government will continue to look for ways and means to resolve this difficult issue and will not rest.
Only the states have benefited from this government decision.
Shillong: After the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne announced that the Council will provide assistance to the Quarantine Centres, it was found that the constituency with the highest number of Quarantine Centers is Mawlai. 21 Quarantine Centers, while Mylliem Village has only one Quarantine Centre.
Despite the difficulties they faced, the stranded fishermen managed to talk to the Indian Embassy in the area, and confirmed that the owners of the fishing boat had asked for money for the return. Your passport.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The yield of rice fields in Nan Polok varies according to the season.
Speaking to media, Dr. Ampareen said, “It has been a custom in our family since 1972 that my father (Peter G. Marbaniang) was the first to register and later Bah Robert G.Lyngdoh was the first and when I took over these positions I used to register on the first day.
At the same time, the union also congratulates the village leaders of Shallang who were present during the inspection of these petrol pumps.
Can you imagine the lives that will change, the employment that will come, the increase in tourism, the farmers will benefit.
This prophecy was fulfilled in 32 A.D. How and in what form? Because Jesus entered Jerusalem through the Golden Gate, they brought Jesus and spread their cloaks on a colt and put Jesus on a donkey.
This is the second time that Kyrmen has sought the support of the people to enter the Legislative Assembly.
Following this confusion, the DC called a meeting between the NHAI officers and the civil society to discuss the issue at his office.
Under PRIME, the government has provided Rs 6 crore as financial assistance to 280 startups through various financial assistance.
In their article 'Two Thousand Years of Iron Smelting' published in 2013, Pawel Prokop and Ireneusz Suliga point out that iron smelting is one of the These are the jobs that the Khasi have been doing since before the arrival of the French and they have been doing this job for about two thousand (2000) years.
This implementation has helped the youth to stand on their own feet and reduce their migration to other states.
He said that in any case related to the seizure of drugs, the department works with the court to take the necessary action, whether it is to destroy or burn the drugs or to punish the traffickers. Drugs.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Shillong today celebrated its 14th Anniversary with a ceremony to look back on its services in the field of education and services. loyal from faculty, staff and students.
The payment of tax can be counted in chunks and should be paid to all recognized banks in the country by Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS),” said NGT member UD Salvi. decision today.
He also urged the Circle to stand firmly against these actions of the government and we should not allow them to happen here in our area.
The incident happened on the night of the 27th of this month.
However, she did not pass the selection test and took her back to the village.
Police have registered a case against the suspect for further investigation.
The Meghalaya government has appealed to the Supreme Court against the incident, claiming that Assam has violated the agreement in the past.
Shillong, July 14: The West Jaintia Hills District Administration will hold a meeting next month to discuss the issue of coal smuggling after the National Green Tribunal (NGT) banned the smuggling of coal.
“Every month, the Coordination Committee will hold a meeting with the village leaders to resolve any misunderstanding with the BSF and at the same time to strengthen the relationship between the villagers in the area. border with BSF,” said Dr LR Bishnoi.
Municipal Town Commissioner Dayanand Saraswati told reporters that the cleanliness drive started on Saturday and continued for 24 hours in the areas along the Ganga. roads, bridges, parking lots and bus stops.
Laitlulong SC beat Lamlynti SC (Sohiong) 0-0
Although Singh Mulieh is no longer alive, his “MATTI” are prominent and remembered from generation to generation.
“Those who own shops in Mawsynram market if they do not use or occupy within the 31st July, the Hima will close down,” said the Syiem of Mawsynram Hima.
against the railway line because as soon as we get the land to build the road, it means that our khiewja khiewjhur has to be broken. How is this government?
The East Khasi Hills District Women's Football Team has reached the semi final of the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 after showing their strongest performance to beat 18-0 South West Garo Hills District won the first leg of the tournament at Chandmari Stadium in Tura today.
‘Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day.
According to the complaint, Robertson, 70, identified himself as a MAGA Trumper and threatened the US President from time to time through his writings. under Social Media.
The Executive Committee led by the NPP and UDP has failed to release the salaries of the council employees for about eight months.
“The company should employ skilled people especially those from the area. When cleaning the soil, it should be covered with heavy stones so that it does not flow. “It is also necessary to cover the roads with puh shilum in those places where there is a risk of flooding so that they can be cleaned quickly and will not affect the traffic,” he said. The petition was signed by the Information Secretary, Bah Evanfield Khonglam.
In Isaiah God says, “I will put an end to the pride of the proud, I will bring down the terrible pride.
The coming of Jesus to earth is the revelation of righteousness, truth, peace, joy and hope.
This is our country India.
Reports from the residents said that the traffic jam in the area lasted for several hours.
A group of women today received the resignation letter of Biren Singh, Chief Minister of the state and wrote lyngkhot lyngkhai the letter, which Singh should have handed over now. The Governor of the State, Anusuiya Uikey.
Regarding the lack of drinking water wells, it is impossible to deny the fact that for decades, the residents of more than 10 villages in Mawthadraishan Block and Nongstoiñ Block, have been getting enough drinking water from the wells. They were ringed by the rivers that flowed from the hills of Mawthadraishan.
After the meeting of the Business Advisory Committee (BAC), the members decided that the budget session will start from 20th October
In the Junior Cadet Girls – 43kg, Lavinia Shadap won the silver medal and Riwa Kyndait won the silver medal.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Nolipstar Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Tourism Committee.
All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee on Tuesday slammed the BJP for alleging that the Trinamool Congress is a 'foreign' party and questioned whether Mukul Sangma and Mr. Charles Pyngrope is a foreigner.
“If there is no law to protect ourselves, we cannot protect ourselves and when enemies come to stand and fight in our country and nation, everyone has the right to protect themselves and we have to “It's not like we're going to die,” said Bah Bless.
On Tuesday morning, the Supreme Court suspended the Calcutta High Court's decision to deploy the central government troops in Bengal during the elections.
The HNLC has given the government until the 25th to take action on the issue of Rangbah Shnong.
He said that this scholarship by the CSR of Tar Cement Company is to encourage the students to progress in their education and to reach higher levels. 12 standard) from East Jaintia Hills District to come and sit for the examination or test which will be held on that day.
He will represent the state at the BF1 1st Sub Junior Boys National Boxing Championship to be held in Rohtak, Haryana.
The union expresses its deep sorrow and regret over the lack of electricity supply to the residents of Mawphansaw and Nongmluh.
He also urged the people to come forward to complain about the high price of the driver.
Who doesn't want to see or hear our intelligent leaders? Article 16 and its provisions recognize only those “backward settlers" who are tribals.
At the same time, the Cabinet also approved the draft of the Independence Day Speech, which outlines many of the works that the Government has done since it assumed office. .
At the same time, the Minister after inaugurating the Pineapple Processing Unit, said that through this plant, the production of various products from Sohtrun will be a blessing and benefit to the sohtrun farmers in the area. Ri-Bhoi, and through various trainings, farmers besides soh can also produce a variety of soh, food items from Sohtrun and this will increase the income of farmers and all aspects as the government The target is to reach 10 billion economy, he added.
Once the investigation is completed and the report is received, I will inform the public what action we will take and I hope that we will resolve all these issues,” she said.
District authorities said that most of those who left Shillong have gone to Aizawl, Manipur, some to Bangalore, Guwahati and New Delhi.
The party also threw three protest shirts in front of the Secretariat gate to condemn Lahkmen Rymbui, Prestone Tynsong and Conrad K. Sangma for the incident. tear gas on teachers, which happened on Friday.
"Then Bahnah was surprised and didn't sleep.
Myrsing said that it was on Friday night at 10 pm that he received information that all of them were sick.
This shows the Government's commitment to empower women in the state and this increases their share in income generation.
The operation was conducted at many railway stations including New Bongaigaon, New Jalpaiguri, Jalpaiguri Road, Samsi, Badarpur, Barsoi, Rangiya, Katihar and Dimapur.
(Matt. 12:38-42) For even as Jonah became a sign unto the Ninevites, so shall also the Son of man be to this generation.
It is worth mentioning that the Sengbhalang has been standing firmly for the construction of the railway line while there are no adequate laws and regulations to prevent the illegal entry of mynder into the state.
This integrated degree course will provide students with more detailed knowledge of the IAS syllabus with qualified teachers.
The program is moving forward with its plan to train more than 3,000 more students in the coming months.
The summons has increased Rida's mind.
In her speech, she said that as the party and as the people, we should not be disappointed with the departure of Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar from the HSPDP because he has done many things against the HSPDP. She recalled the party's constitution by recalling four of his achievements, one of which is that he was involved in strengthening the implementation of the CAB to bring in Bangladeshis to on the other hand, he refused to support the people in the shooting incident in Mawlai.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of FKJGP, Bah D.Khongsit, urged the people of the state not to sell their land to foreigners.
In another development, the lockdown has been lifted on the house of US Roy, a resident of B Nongkhlaw, Howel Road Laban, the house of P Lyngdoh, Howel Road Laban. Roma Devkota, Pooja Thapa, Sushila Gewali at Nepali Compound, Riblong and Pronoti Choudhary, Chinmoy Paul at Rilbong. near the Beat House, starting today.
Avoid turning to streams, rivers and valleys.
“In the last 50 years, the state has not been able to protect the water sources.
When asked, the Minister said that the project has two parts – the first part is the football stadium and the second part is the indoor stadium.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-II Government on 15th October has sent a letter to the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) leaders to respond by 10th June 2023 on the government's proposal to relocate the government. to the people living in the Mawlong Market.
With the passing of the days, we see the involvement of youth and children in drug abuse.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Bat Diengdoh, President of the farmers' group, said that as the farmers who have been severely affected by the construction of the dam, they cannot help but express their strong opposition to the insult. MePDCL, because of what the affected farmers have demanded but no one has listened to their demands.
Speaking at the meeting, Jesica said that the kilo cut of agricultural products in the market is between the farmers and the buyers and not by force.
The night curfew will start from 9 pm to 6 pm from 11th October 2020 until further notice.
The KSU says that may this Behdeinkhklam go smoothly, prosperously, peacefully and successfully.
The letter D.O.No.EM/S/309/87 clearly states that the exemption of the State from the Coalmines Nationalization Act is on the grounds that it is a job that people used to do.
Leading UDP leaders in Ri Bhoi who have decided to leave the UDP include District President Donbok Khymdeit and UDP Central Body Chief Advisor Raphael Massar. UDP Advisor Ri Bhoi District, Mrs. Queen Mary Rymbai Jt.
The protesters said that as soon as the three youths from Sabuda village were arrested, they went to visit the bridge at Wah Umler, where they There was no sign of the bridge, but it was as it used to be.
FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle today in the presence of FKJGP President Michal Chyrmang, Vice President Wanky Lyngdoh, General Secretary Fullmoon Nongtdu and several members of the FKJGP Circle. They closed down the shop of the foreigner.
The tenants including school children and students have expressed their concern about the eviction without prior notice which has caused them problems.
Those who are skilled in cultivating rice marry in the households that grow soh ki pai or tympew ki kwai and those who are skilled in cultivating tympew u kwai marry in the household that grows sying or shynrai. .
The speakers who spoke at the program also urged the people to refrain from the open burning of rnga, as this causes serious damage to the forests and urged the people to clear the roads. other forms of livelihood that do not damage but preserve the surrounding environment.
The World Cup is the biggest football tournament in the world among other sports.
“We want to train the youth and farmers to produce chocolate, khi and other dairy products especially in Garo Hills,” he said.
“If there is a change in the price, it comes from the party through the right media, not from any person or youtuber who comes out to spread lies,” said Bah Esron. .
It was difficult for the police to reach the scene, as the scene was very narrow.
Police also seized about 30-40 tonnes of coal.
This is the answer, which has been long overdue and which the country has been trying to hide about the origin of the deadly disease.
The locals called it “Everest.
Amra Bangali has recently sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya demanding the protection of the paid Bengalis in the state.
Regarding the Chief Minister Carrier Guidance Sponsored Scheme, the union said that in a meeting with the ADM, it explained that this scheme has been implemented now and all that is needed is the cooperation of the people and villages.
Looking at the lives of these people, poverty and deprivation is not the reason why they have reached this point, but what can be said is that these people have fallen into a terrible disease in which the their minds are no longer straight.
The Dorbar Shnong Nongmensong has clarified that the area where the three abductees and the truck were released is not within the boundary of Umkdait Village , Nongmensong The main river of Mawpat.
It is to be recalled that the tender for this project has been called since 2018/19 but unfortunately until now, although it has been almost 5 years, this project has not been completed.
UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA Nujorki Sungoh, MLA Samuel Sangma and NPP President Metbah Lyngdoh were also present at the registration. Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State.
The city of Shillong has grown and expanded and the expenditure of the residents has increased and it will cause problems in the future if the Urban Development Department of the State Government does not surprise the people to think in advance how to solve these problems. The time will come when what has happened in Jowai will happen in other villages and at that time who will take responsibility.
“For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
When inquiring about the incident, it was learned that the child died on Saturday at Bethany Hospital Shillong at 4 pm. The family members of the child took her to the village for the purpose of burial and cleansing, but there were many jyrwit jyrwat to bury the body with dignity.
Therefore, on my part, I urge the management of MeCEL to provide electricity to our villages so that the people who use the light can benefit.
When I say this, I don't mean that we are against them, we respect their contribution, they have their share in the community, how to improve and help improve the community. together through their contribution, but not to take away or take away the portion that they themselves cannot afford.
And the people who live in these areas don't have money to take from home when they go to the market.
Nongpoh: The leaders of the FKJGP, Myrdon Circle, have held a special commemoration on the 10th Anniversary of the formation of the new Circle in the area.
Therefore, the CAA 2019 has violated and discriminated against the traditional religious groups.
Officers of Mawsynrut, West Khasi Hills in a surprise inspection of coal mines in Nirang and Miangmawdar have found that there is illegal mining of coal and seized 2012.47 MT of coal. Lamriche Kharmon lodged a complaint that on the 24th he, officers and police raided the above mentioned places and seized the coal.
Regarding the rehabilitation of damaged roads, Rakkam said, “The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways of the Central Government has agreed to provide T.6 crore for the rehabilitation of roads in Ri-lum. Garo but I feel that this budget is too small to improve all the roads in the area”.
Kharkutta MLA Cherak W Momin said that the district authorities should ensure that there will be no shortage in the bank.
“The Model Code of Conduct will prohibit the distribution of MDC schemes or MLA schemes if the candidate from any constituency is not already an MLA. “The government will soon send orders to all the MLAs on the prohibition of distribution of schemes,” said Bah Jopthiaw.
So far, three Congress MLAs have applied for the Congress ticket from Tura constituency, Deborah Marak, Zenith Sangma and Richard Mrong Marak. elections.
This is the swearing-in ceremony in high schools and higher secondary schools and this is part of the struggle of the party to protect the uniqueness of the Christian community.
Those who wish to do this job, go to these relevant offices, they will teach you how to do it, because the working methods cannot be released publicly here.
Friends United CC managed to score 130 runs for the loss of five wickets in 18.1 overs.
In your faith Christians, the Word of God says to love your neighbor as yourself. What do these words mean, whom do they refer to???  Christians, think carefully about these words.
After a thorough discussion, HITO Mawshynrut has decided to cooperate with the Village Authorities of Mawshynrut.
He said that the people are very discouraged because the Meghalaya government has not been able to provide security and has not been able to deploy police force to patrol and only the Assam police have been able to provide security. They also try to take advantage of the Meghalaya government which does not force the government even if it turns and invades the land of Meghalaya, he added.
Therefore, the State Government has decided to find ways and means to connect the railway line in East Jaintia Hills District but this too has been strongly opposed by the people.
He said that only 5 Short Term Trade Courses will start at this institution and he expects that in the month of November there will be many students who will enroll in this institution and hopes that it will be a blessing. many of the young men of the village.
Shillong: The preparations for the MLA elections in the Legislative Assembly have been going on in several constituencies and this can also be seen in Ri Bhoi district where a young man has been arrested. Sunshine Makri, son of former MLA of Rymbai Constituency, Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh, has prepared himself to contest the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly in
Shillong: U Balious Swer, MDC from 29-Bataw Lakadong Constituency, today joined the Congress Party along with 100 supporters.
This is what happened to Israel in Jerusalem.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah M.Mawsor MDC Mawshynrut said that I see the hope that peace will return to this area. slaves in our country and we have suffered to the point of suffering, so let us forget about the religious and ethnic differences but let us unite to bring back peace to these areas.
Speaking at a public awareness campaign on how to think about driving to avoid tragic incidents organized by the State Traffic Department in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills today, Bah Lyngdoh He said that most of the accidents have been caused by the negligence of drivers such as speeding, alcohol abuse and other reasons including lack of education.
For Ladthadlaboh, Teiborlang Malang scored 48' and Medondor Pala 59'
“There are departments which have already done this, they have proceeded to appoint, but there are still departments because they are big departments and they are still in need because they have not been able to provide the roster system,” he said. Prime Minister.
He said that if the people encounter any human rights violations, they should complain to the Commission and it will take the necessary action according to its authority.
Shillong, Lber 16: Two suspected terrorists have been shot dead by a mob in Lawmei village, East Khasi Hills District on Saturday.
?" He looked at her. "I don't know, but you said..." She turned around. Panah thought for a while.
One of the Bollywood media reports said that the two have been invited to take part in the Big Fat Mahajan Event this year.
“Hep is still awake and suddenly she is a bud tynneng,” said Ban.
“To ho Kynsai,” said the man and went on his way.
Charity Card – Gold 2.
A case has been lodged with the CID of the state.
The General Assembly of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) will be held on 26th November.
(Psalm 145: 18).
“If their answer is not sufficient, they can punish them as usual but if the answer is sufficient, the government will not punish them,” he said.
How much more so if they are as good at fishing as they are at fishing.
Furthermore, the men's and women's teams of the country have already registered for their participation in the tournament.
However, he said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has stopped the company from starting the work. He said that the committee has not yet decided whether the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has listened to the order.
On the other hand, the Tympang Club will discuss the illegal construction of the mosque.
Therefore, the Word of God says – “See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise, redeeming the time, because the days are evil.
The two villages led by Bah Lovingstone Kharkongor, Sordar of Umphyrnai Village and Bah Pyndaplang Kharsahnoh, Sordar of Lamlyer Village led the cleaning ceremony in the presence of village officials from these villages.
The first match of the pre quarter will be between Brishyrnot FC vs Ratacherra FC, the second match will be between Lumshnong FC A vs Tongseng Narpuh FC A and the third match will be between Shymplong FC vs Lejri SC. The Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Unit has conducted a raid on Nepali foreigners in Iawmusiang and arrested foreigners who came from West Bengal to sell syiar in Jowai on Tuesday.
Santee received the award at the award ceremony held at Rashtrapati Bhavan today on the occasion of International Nurses Day. Nos to India.
The well-known religious group “ATIAR” will perform Christmas songs along with the Khar Lukhi Sisters, choir songs from the Seng and other prominent singers. for.
Conrad said that this was discussed during the outbreak of the coronavirus to prevent the drivers of trucks from coming from abroad to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. There has been opposition from the Sengbhalang, some Rangbah Shnongs and land owners to the construction of the railway line.
If you are to take or ask, you must be by the way, not to be bought, to be degraded, to be humiliated.
It was also decided to conduct a joint survey by the Assam Government and the Surveys of the two District Councils (UK, J Hills and Mikir Hills).
He said that this time he has returned to the party, he has a goal to work harder than before, for the party to survive and stand firm. once again.
Iaw Thymme at Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Monday had to be closed due to the violation of the rules and regulations by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, together with the leaders of the Nongpoh Block Congress Committee (NBCC), on Saturday set up a special committee known as the Nongpoh Constituency COVID-1 and the urgent establishment of this Committee, is to look into the problems in the villages, especially that the students and those working in other states, have returned to their villages.
Speaking to reporters in Kochi, Mustafa said Rahul has acted like a fool and that is why the Congress party has lost the Lok Sabha elections. which is not yet done.
The man, identified as Craig Robertson, was named in a complaint filed by Utah authorities.
These tins and solar lights were handed over on the 28th in the presence of the Waheh Shnong of Mooshrot, Justice Paul Lyngdoh, Education Secretary of KSU and the villagers.
After 22 years, a victim of rape in West Jaintia Hills District has finally received justice after being raped when she was only a child. the little girl that happened on January 23, 2001.
According to P.Pdang, the residents of Umlaper village have to walk through the ground floor of Amrit Cement to reach the village because of the closer road for them to walk. it was enclosed by a wall.
This issue is also one of the differences between the UDP and the HSPDP where the HSPDP wants Prestone while the UDP has not allowed and wants Conrad K Sangma.
The handover ceremony was attended by PW Ingty, Principal Secretary, GAD, SB Chyrmang, Secretary and Chief Engineer, PWD (B), HM Shangpliang, Joint Secretary, GAD and Trade Adviser and Director of Movement, Meghalaya House, Kolkata;
On the other hand, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh expressed her gratitude to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah for the follow-up on the construction of the market.
He said the UDP will inform the NPP authorities and wants to know the reason for this change in KHADC. The State Government has re-established the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) to act as the State NCORD Secretariat.
After the war, only five tribes remained and these included the Khongmawloh, the Khongbuhphang, the Khongtani, the Khongjah, the Khongwet, the Khongsdoh, the Sohkhlet and the Khongwet.
Announcing this on Thursday at the Shillong Press Club, Bah Damian Umdor, President, said that the team has taken this step again to hold the race after two years. COVIID-19 pandemic.
The National Cadet Corps (NCC) of the 61st Meghalaya Girls Bn NCC Shillong held a walkathon at the G-20 Awareness Centre. on the 14th of this month.
On the other hand, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem assured that they will take steps to amend the Bill if necessary. The 125th Amendment was also introduced.
Even if someone says that Sohra is a good country, it is a country that doesn't have anything.
He said police have also arrested a man accused of shooting Khasi children in Iewmawlong, B Mizah, a resident of Khar Metor area and a case has been registered against him.
It is worth mentioning that the KSU Mawlai, which is one of the leading students' organizations in Mawlai, has promised earlier to leave the Mawlai area. join the HNLC if the talks on the ILP issue are not necessary with the Mukul Sangma government.
The sanad is a certificate of five years of service of the Sordar to administer the khadar within the raid.
British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said he supports Qatar hosting the 2022 World Cup but Britain would also be more interested in other countries if FIFA chooses other countries.
Silbi Passah has been selected to receive the Padmashree Award for her contribution to the promotion of traditional music and dance, while Bah AL Hek has been awarded the Padmashree Award. as a skilled Minister and a tireless public servant during the 25 years he has been the Leader of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency and besides his great contribution to the state and the country as a whole.
According to information, the reason for the absence of ATMs is because on Thursday there was a call to all the workers of the four organizations to show that they do not cooperate with the government due to the incident in Mukroh, on Saturday. is a public holiday and also on Tuesday of this month is a Seng Kut Snem public holiday.
THE time is near.
Teh Lakam- Lakam in English means 'Briddle', it is a snieh tyllai with nar-pyndait, which is attached to the head and neck of a horse, to prevent, restrain or prevent the behavior. Your lymwir, especially on horse race tracts or in the fields.
However, Malki SC didn't hurry and scored in the second half through Maxcimilando Tariang in the 69th minute before scoring two more goals to score a hat trick in the 73rd and 81st minutes.
The release of these four members of the Seng Bhalang witnessed that other members of the Seng Bhalang were filled with joy in the welcome and welcome with applause and love for their fellow members who have been released from prison. KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar, FKJGP President Dundee C Khongsit and other leaders were present at the ceremony.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question by Saleng A Sangma, said that 95,189 people from abroad have returned to the state during the outbreak of Covid-1 .
Supercare Hospital is the first and only hospital in Meghalaya to receive Full NABH recognition. Founder and Managing Director, Dr Rangksan Singh Thangkhiew said, “The recognition from NABH strengthens the vision of Supercare Hospital. Supercare Hospital to establish good practice in care, cure and safety as well as the operation of the hospital.
Syngai also expressed her happiness that the group of visually impaired people led by Micky Pajuh called “Life After Dark” has been selected by the Election Commission to represent the state in Delhi.
The inspection ended in Pauri and Tehri Garhwal districts.
“The increase in deaths in these days is also due to alcohol consumption which has led to many other diseases such as high blood pressure, alcoholism and Dr Lamin urged the people especially the youth to avoid bad habits so that they can avoid bad habits so that they can live in peace and harmony. win this life.
in lane ban phone or WhatsApp at: District Control Room – 7005602113, Police Control Room – 9615716153, Ranikor Block Control – 9612946561, Mawkyrwat PWD – 93781853WD – 348m 98 Ranikor 13436, PWD Mawkyrwat – 9863027838, PWD Mawsaw – 9366722556.
During the meetings, there were times when PA told me about the days when he was studying and staying in the hostel at St Anthonys. to talk to young girls and the reason is because he is a bad man and he wears slippers and he feels that if he talks to young women, they may talk badly about him. he.
:Mawsynram MLA Holland Singh Suin in collaboration with the 67th Battalion CRPF Polo Shillong today gathered the youth of Lawbah area to conduct an awareness program on recruitment. in CAPFs 2023-2024 (CRPF, BSF, SSB, ITBT, AR, NIA, NCB & SSF) as part of the awareness campaign and training to the youth of the area on how to employ the youth in the fields. The program was held at the Multi Facilities Center Lawbah.
On the spread of articles on social media on the issue of implementing the CrPC across Meghalaya to undermine the powers of District Council Court judges, Bah Titos said, “It is a fact that on social media by some of the leaders of the State and one of them is a prominent lawyer who wrote on his Facebook Page regarding his statement that the There is an attempt by the Government and there is a case in the High Court regarding the powers of the District Council Courts”.
We live in days when we hear that everyone is talking about time.
The residents of Khanduli village have thrown away the signboard and police from both the districts, West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong have become spectators.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of the Ration for the month of November
The rally ended at the DC Office, East Jaintia Hills District.
However, this teaching of morality, manners and dignity, to build the human dignity of children is very important.
Esconciana Vaz MSMHC (NE Regional Secretary), while Sr.
Deepika's appointment as the spokesperson of Qatar Airways is a great honor for the airline and India as a whole.
Besides PUBG Mobile, other games that have been banned are Arena of Valor, Chess Run and Ludo World, operated by Tencent.
Rekha has sung the song 'Kya Khoob Lagti Ho' in honor of Hema Malini and has been seen in the videos. that these two actresses of old, that they snohkti each other and dance in the dance, with the music, which is very pleasant.
In 1998 there were 53 and in 1993 there were
Saule Kisikova, the chief health officer in the city of Nursultan, said there were 300 people every day who caught fever and went for treatment.
The 21 members signed the soskular to fully support Thombor Shiwat on 26th June.
Jowai, November 27: The largest Behdein khlam festival in LumJaintia has been held by the Sein Raij Tuber. This district has ended today with a lot of heat and cold.
Two groups of 12 traders in a Mahindra Pickup were returning from the market, but when they reached near Kalwe under Kharkutta Police Station, they saw about 6 or 7 traders. The robbers stopped the vehicle and took them all outside and lined them up. Later they took away 7 of them while the others were released.
Walchuang N.Marak (37 min) and Driamy N.Arengh (41.48 min) scored the second goal.
Nongpoh, Naitung 13: The desire of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to improve the Hat Market and transform it according to the passage of time has prompted the EMs of the KHADC to inspect the Byrnihat Market today.
but it is only when we are surprised that people receive explanations that confuse many churches.
They closed the door and quickly set foot on the main road leading to Riia's house.
Students of Public School Laitumkhrah, students from the Academy along with parents who took part in the event.
“Speaking to reporters, u Bah Paul said that the Act will come into force immediately as the government has set up an Advisory Board headed by a retired judge. Justice Shivaji Pandey and members were Bah ND Shullai, Advocate of the High Court and Tshering Yangi, Advocate of the High Court.
The Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, said that the election is a golden opportunity for the party members to meet the people and all should take the opportunity to speak on issues such as statehood, the special powers of the 6th Schedule, the rights of the indigenous people and others enshrined in the Constitution of the country by the Congress party.
Today, 4th November, 2023, Umïam has risen by 13 feet to 3199.16 feet compared to 3186.33 feet on 22nd July,
“People who contest elections and talk about religion should not be elected in this Constitution to respect all religions and it is necessary to remember that all the schemes of the Central Government “It doesn't discriminate between races or religions but it treats everyone equally,” he said.
In addition, you will be elected to the Meghalaya Legislative Provisional Assembly.
Besides, there are about 50 others who are still missing and are still missing until Tuesday morning.
“After that, they hid the body near a lawbniap and waited until the sky was dark to take the body back to the house of Bah Command Nongrah.
Residents applauded the efforts to use the drone for agricultural fields.
The Minister said that with the arrival of Bah Hamletson Dohling, the party has strengthened and he is confident that in 2023 the NPP will come alone in the party. power to rule the state.
The party also congratulated the Chief Minister for taking the decision to set up a co-ordination committee between the border residents and the border guards. It is accepted that the Coordination Committee shall be between the levels of Sub Divisional.
No one wants to be saved, does anyone? We live with the vision that when we say goodbye to this world for the last time, we must be free from any temptation to go in peace.
After these announcements, there was a discussion about what will happen to those who belong to the Muslim religion or Islam where men of that religion can have two, three or up to four wives. Is it possible to register all three or four of their husbands with the government and does the law allow them to register more than one husband? Muslim leaders were spoken to to find out how they feel about the government's announcement that all married couples must register their names.
Security personnel from the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) managed to control the incident.
Police have recovered 18 grams of suspected heroin from their bodies.
He later joined Delhi Dynamos on loan and made five appearances for the club and after that in 2017-2018 he will join Kolkata Atletico de Kolkata. and made 15 appearances for the club.
In 2014, India launched 500 million bank accounts for the poor, including 260 million women, who do not have access to jobs. bank.
The 19th Open Badminton Championship 2022 will be held from 13th to 18th June 2022 from 13th to 18th June
We also want to know their secret plan because if the railway is built, it will destroy the wealth of East Jaintia Hills and it will end completely.
Lakiang said that the village has been preparing for this fete for many months and the cost is high. “We have decided to go ahead with the fete due to the lack of funds from the village. It is scheduled to be held on the 5th and 6th of November.
For Mukul Sangma to investigate and find fault with the Electricity Department is like digging a pit of destruction and loss because these fraudulent activities and contracts have been committed by himself and his brother. and Zenith Sangma.
He said that the Union of Dewbilat Factories has filed a petition against the state government on the announcement of 13th July 2020, but the Meghalaya High Court has upheld the state government and Section 67 of the Motor Vehicle Act empowers the government. State to set the price of vehicles for transportation of goods.
Pyniaid's statement that the VPP is not a Khasi party is because he has already seen in the last elections after he was defeated by the VPP in the MLA-2023 elections. The VPP is an ally of the TMC from West Bengal.
He said the HYC is deeply concerned about the police investigation and feels that they are not willing to serve the people of the state but are only working to protect the poor.
How many works have been started are a guarantee of completion.
On the other hand, MEMRIWU said that they will continue to strike and will not be able to continue their work because GVK has not yet accepted our demands.
“We oppose the government's decision to allocate 18 acres of land in Upper Shillong to the army,” said Passah.
There are 945 polling stations in all four districts of Garo Hills including 24 MLAs. 4,725 voters.
“Hooid Pa, I agree with what Mother said, arrange for you tomorrow to call those elders whom you know well...” said Hep.
He spoke about the novel he wrote called “Plastic Turn” and published in London.
If the world is peaceful, good will come.
This car belongs to AC Suchiang.
Men or women can try, if they have the determination to do these jobs.
The FKJGP doesn't need to gather the people now and in the future it has taken up any issues and we as the people should not give our support because we understand now, that if there were no such people. Within this party I firmly believe that the name of the party will never be honored and that the country and the nation will never be as it is today as we see with our own eyes.
“Shillong and Meghalaya have almost become the hubs of drug trafficking in the country.
The scheme has been extended several times and is now in the second phase and will continue until
He said that they are the bridge of hope in the midst of many difficulties and will bring many changes in the lives of the students in the days and times to come which we cannot foresee.
He said that the owners of these taxis should keep them at home, but these vehicles can be sold back, where the villagers sell the vehicles to the Shillong residents and if so Vehicles parked in Shillong have to go to the villages.
Before the ceremony, a 10 minute silence was held to commemorate the 188th death anniversary of Pa'iem Tirot Sing Syiem, the hero of the Jaitbynriew. struggle against the French Government in the past centuries.
Here Jesus says – whoever exalts himself will be humbled.
Mantip Langstang (18), a student of class 9, left home on the 16th of this month to write her examination, but did not return home.
Therefore, we should be careful not to give or sell land, we should not be happy just to get money, but we should think carefully for the future.
Sai Yei Sap Production & Entertainment, one of the Jowai-based groups that produces Pnar films, is ready to produce another biria film in Pnar language.
If you know anything about the Chinese, they are very clever people, cleverer than the people from the north of our country.
Ummulong scored 150 runs in 19.4 overs for the loss of 10 wickets.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma on Monday announced that the budget session of the Legislative Assembly will start on 20th October and end on 28th October.
This may be the reason why the beef traders in the state have increased the price of beef from time to time which has affected the beef consumers in the state.
It is not right to accuse many Khasi women of being nuti or to accuse many Khasi men of being tanglang.
Rev Dr RR Convile gave a sermon at the second service based on the Word of God from the Book of Joshua chapter 24 verse 25, “I and my household will serve The Pastor, while preaching among thousands of people, said that what prompted Joshua to say these words was because he saw that the children of Israel had turned away. to serve God, they forgot the living and true God who is their Savior, but went to worship other gods who were the Creators of the world.
Forty teams from all over the state have come to take part in this tournament.
Those who violate the rules will be subject to the rules of the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases, COVID-1
After Rahul appealed to the court, the court granted him bail so that within 30 days, he can appeal to the higher court against the order of the Chief Judicial Magistrate.
Those who received the awards for the maintenance of water wells are Lumshyiap Village Water and Sanitation Committee (VWSC) in Ri Bhoi District, Darechikgre VWSC in West Garo Hills District and Dura Kantragre VWSC. in West Garo Hills District.
Anil Kapoor replied, “I'm not an actor (for me it's better to be an actor).
All political parties including the Congress which is in the opposition attended the meeting.
The winners of this match will face East Garo Hills on the 2nd of June.
However, the valley in the higher part is longer and not less than seven to seventy feet high.
He was speaking after the devastating tsunami in East Asian countries, such as India, Thailand, Sri Lanka and others in
On this occasion, a meeting was held by the relatives of Beth together with the village authorities of the village and surrounding villages but what touched the heart of the people who attended the occasion was the speech of her father. Beth Hume Charles Hume who said that Beth praised this place (Wah Umngi) and said that it was the most beautiful place in the world. it's a place where Beth would be very happy to ring for the last time," he said.
“We demand that the SP of EJHD and the SP of Shiilong City should be dismissed immediately so that the investigation can go smoothly and if found guilty they should be dismissed completely. “If the police from Mawkynroh have been dismissed immediately, why should these others be delayed?” he added.
Shillong, March 2: The Divine Mercy Apostolate (DMA), Shillong Archdiocese, will hold a Holy Mass at the Cathedral of Laitumkhrah on Tuesday, March 5, which is also the Feast Day of Sister Faustina of Divine Mercy.
When I complained to the authorities, they gave me the reason that I was building almost every evening.
A statement from the Kremlin said the awards ceremony was aimed at fueling the fire of those who wanted to overthrow the Russian government and strongly condemn Hollywood for its this.
“The UDP and NPP should have an understanding and if they don't understand, it will not lead to the goal of nominating a joint candidate from the MDA,” he said.
The two arrested KSU members were identified as Shambor Shati, 26, and Meshadap Sohpen.
"“In June, 2018, the Assam Police stopped the construction of the Madan Umwang Lower Primary SSA School funded by the SSA. In April, 2018, the Assam Police stopped the construction of the school. They also summoned the Rangbah Shnong of Khlieh Umwang at Ulukunji Out Post under Baithalangso Police Station, Assam,” said the Chairman of the Union.
It is to be recalled that the Chief Minister's District Level Inter School Athletic Meet, 2023 was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu (IAS) in the presence of the District Sports Officer. , Bah O.Mawthoh and others.
However, as it appeared in the CCTV footage, Swati Maliwal did not seem to have proved injured, she was seen escorted by a female police officer and was seen to release her hand herself from this police.
While other MLAs seem to be stupid and the people (not all) stand on the basis of ethnic bias.
The Secretary of the DKR SRBD, Bah Cleophas B Syiem in the presence of the Chairman of the DKRSRBD, Bah Rocky Kylla, the Doabr Ki Rangbah Shnong has taken this decision after the government has not taken action to accept the proposal. The VAB of the KHADC has not issued an Ordinance to appoint Rangbah Shnongs.
The State Government's attempt to transport school children by STEM buses to reduce traffic jam has not been successful due to the traffic jam in Laitumkhrah area during school hours and during school hours. The school holidays have been the same and now the traffic jam has increased due to the expense of two wheelers and scooters.
They drank the water from Mawsiang.
David said: “Our God is in the heavens; he has done everything according to his will.
They also noticed that there were many marks on her head, which they suspected that the robbers had tied her with sharp weapons, which they said may have been by a tyrnem with a prek and is tied with a part of a tyrnem with a prek because it shows two signs on one part.
In the Legislative Assembly of the State we have the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshon Warjri, whose word is HOME MINISTER. .
In the Under-17 Boys category, Syiem Jingsuk Secondary School beat Little Flower HS School, Ummulong 3-1
Chief Engineer PHE, CR Challam said that to avoid disruption of water supply to Jowai, the government has allocated T.4 crore 48 lakh to improve the pump sets as they are old.
According to the union, the government has spent T.1.99 crore on the Umsning Fishery Project under the RKVY scheme for the years 2008-09 and 2009-10, while the work has not been completed. I have seen it, but I have not seen it.
However, the Seng is surprised at the negligence of the PWD department and the Government of Meghalaya which has not done anything until now, even though the Pyrem season of 2021 is approaching. eiei but she is still looking at this well which has been destroyed for a long time.
The JSU and JYF also urged the media not to publish unverified news as it affects the peace and order and could also cause ethnic tension in the area.
Curcumin contains antioxidants and anti-inflammatory properties.
He said that the union used to hold the State Training Camp but due to unavoidable reasons, only the District Training Camp has been held. The same training program will be held in Khasi Hills and East. Jaintia Hills.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) also supported the demand for ILP, saying that the ILP is the only law to protect the people from the hands of the authorities.
The Assam Rifles defeated Mawpat.
Khel Shylla scored the third goal in the 19th minute.
The unions strongly condemn the lack of responsibility of those in charge of this matter, and warned that if the relevant department does not do anything, they will take their own path.
Speaking on the launch of the PM Mahila Kisan Drone Kendra, the Prime Minister recalled his announcement on the Drone Didi in his speech on the Independence Day celebrations. drones will be distributed to 15,000 self help groups along with training on how to operate drones in the future.
In Pool C, Sailung, Iongpiah, PSA and Demthring.
XI Jinping has ordered the country to prepare for further warfare.
Conrad acknowledged that this amendment has affected the youth of the state in getting jobs in the bank, which the state government will take action.
It will also be the second time New Zealand will play the UAE throughout their international tournament; The 1996 World Cup ODIs were held in Faisalabad, Pakistan.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Cantonment Police Chief said that the fire may have been caused by a faulty electrical wiring inside the shop.
Once our government is formed we will establish 4 medical colleges in Meghalaya including the two which has already been sanctioned by the Narendra Modi Government.
However, we are KHASI who live in the Bhoi and War areas of the Khasi Hills. The word Bhoi means SHEPTIENG which is the ASSAMESE language. In the 19th century, when they arrived in RI BHOI, they had to turn back because they could not enter the forest in RI BHOI.
The VPP is now looking forward to the MDC elections in 2024 and many have said that the VPP will win the elections to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. Even political parties have agreed to this.
On the other hand, the MTC's revenue from Khyndai Lad alone was T.27,85,739 lakh in 2010, T.33,53,966 lakh in 2011 and T.41,86,638 lakh in lakh, in 2013 T.35,86,212 lakh and in 2014 from July to March it received T.38,75,572 lakh.
He complained that the robbers tried to attack the teacher but could not because he did not open the door.
The Forum appeals to all groups and organizations to work together for the sake of peace in the State, and hopes that peace and order will return especially in these days when many school children have to fight for peace. different exams.
In chase, RB Anupchand's bowlers lost all wickets for 44 runs in 7.5 overs.
When we say Government, we mean Government.
Mark said that no one can play guitar like Eddie and he is sad about the loss of one of the best guitarists.
There should be surprise inspections, there should be places to register so that there will be no violation of their human rights,” said Dr Ampareen who is also the MLA of East Shillong.
“As you know, the Meghalaya High Court has quashed the order issued by the state government on 23rd October 2021 and also the provisions of the Meghalaya State Education Policy Justice HS Thangkhiew has issued a notice to Aided Institutions or Colleges receiving government assistance to contest elections or to take part in political parties. “We have lodged a complaint against this decision of the state government and we have won this case against the state government,” he said.
He said that instead of spending Rs 100 crore on a company which can provide jobs only Rs 100-200 crore, it should have opened up opportunities for the youth by supporting them so that they can become employers. .
Shillong: U Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, President of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM), today congratulated the MDA government led by the President of the National League for Democracy (NLD). Conrad K Sangma, on the attention to the demands of the people in the state.
KHNAM and UDP have already submitted their recommendations to the Committee headed by Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh regarding the need to adjust the recruitment quota.
Equator Nongrang was sworn in as President of EWKHD, Bengol Marngar as General Secretary, Clement Dkhar as President of Mairang Circle and other office bearers.
“It should come from the voice of the people, the demands of the people and the responsibility of all political parties who claim to have the responsibility and who exclaim that they always speak for the cause of the people.
The required documents to be submitted along with the form include EPIC Card, Bank Account Details, Affidavit of acceptance and compliance with the terms and conditions of the Comprehensive Plan and Scheme for Spot e. -auction” prepared in collaboration with the State Government and Coal India Ltd.
The road will be closed for three hours from 6 pm to 9 pm on 30th November 2023 for the marathon.
“It is through the control of smugglers that the revenue collection of the department has increased," he added.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Nongkrem MLA constituency, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, has said that he is 200 percent confident of winning the election from the new constituency. .
In the last three years, more than T.80 crore has been allocated and released.
FKJGP & KSU Upper Shillong Circle will continue to follow up on this issue and urge the authorities to take action as soon as possible to keep their promise. just do nothing and waste the money of the people.
“It is thanks to you teachers that I have been able to become what I am” while expressing his gratitude to all the teachers.
Bah Paul spoke on many issues related to the development of culture in the state, including the establishment of special awards for culture and the renaming of SICPAC to Lariti.
They should not take up the post of MLA without the expectation of personal gain or material advantages” (Gaudium et Especially 75) which is the service of God.
“We obviously know that some children are in the midst of suffering.
Do not respond to such emails or messages.
Shillong, July 30: The publication and withdrawal of the names of the KG students who have been selected to enter classes at Pine Mount has shocked the parents.
The loss of empty rivers in the district has increased after the deforestation started especially when the operation of factories like Byrnihat and Rwiang started.
“Why don't we ask for release when this issue has not been implemented? Before it becomes law, we will talk again.
Regarding water supply, he said that the villages which have not yet received water supply through the JJM scheme will receive financial assistance from NABARD through RIDF and through the State Government.
Meanwhile, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Village Council and the Municipal Council do not function in Meghalaya without the approval of the state government.
“If we don't surprise people now, there will be a terrible water shortage,” said Bah Otril. “This war will happen from 2025 onwards, because the soil will no longer be able to absorb water. many areas will become wetlands, if deforestation is allowed to continue from time to time, he added.
Dr. Ricky Syngkon, General Secretary of the Party and MP Candidate of the Party, said that he has never been involved in politics, but it was only after he understood and especially saw the path that he Bah Ardent said that when he understood that the political system is sacred and ordered by God, he came forward to work together to form the VPP. God will answer our prayers,” he said.
Therefore, the Executive Committee of Jarain Village together with the elders of the village have decided to continue Bah Kliarbha Sana as the Waheh Shnong until the public meeting.
We feel that this involvement of foreigners in this area, on the part of the people or the contractors should end immediately because we don't want the presence of these to become obstacles because we see that From time to time there are incidents of violence, the beating of these indigenous people of our country so we don't want such incidents to happen again”.
“If anyone has been misused, they should seek assistance,” said Arki Wahlang. “If anyone has been misused, they should seek assistance. commodity.
Many of the speakers said that they do not want to see the UDP as a Khasi party only, but as having the same service to Garo Hills as well.
The source said that in these two constituencies, the ticket market of the Congress party will be very busy because of the people who intend to apply for tickets from the ruling party. They are people who have close ties with government ministers and others have close ties with senior leaders of the Congress party.
One of the reasons they oppose other groups is that they are afraid that their children will marry those sohniams.
“If the work goes as fast as it is now, the implementation will be completed soon and the education will start from 2021,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said that they are 100 percent confident that they will win all the seven constituencies in
Rupang also spoke to one of the members of the Union of Meat Farmers who is a Muslim to ask what is the difference between Khasi meat and Muslim meat. The price varies, but he said that the market price is T.240 per kilo.
The meeting will be led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and will be accompanied by all the Ministers and MLAs.
Mawskei is located about 5 km away.
He said that as a party, they cannot hold rallies because they don't have the strength and therefore they can't hold parties or give cars because they don't want to do what others do but they will stand. always on the base.
A total of 1,293 persons have been arrested under the age of 20, which has shown a change in the lives of young people under the age of and they did evil.
He said that apart from the BJP, there is no other party in the country that can provide good governance and the principle of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, “sab ka sath sab ka vikas When asked why these MLAs have left for Delhi and not for Meghalaya, Bah Lyngdoh said there is no difference. They have arrived from Delhi and the party in the state welcomes them.
Shillong: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla, has released the documents to confirm that the proposal to mine uranium in the state has been terminated.
The arrival of the rainy season also makes many people think carefully about their skin, hair, health and others.
With this victory, the team has taken the lead in Group-C with nine points and also took the top spot from Seven United (8 points).
“After seeing this news, we have spoken to the authorities, where the authorities of Meghalaya and Assam have also taken action and cooperated on this to ensure that there will be no incident or conflict to stop them. He recalled that the CEC officials who visited the state last month, have promised that all those who The district authorities from the two states have worked hard to ensure that the work goes smoothly.
It may be recalled that in the new season, PSG have faced a draw in both their games and with this victory, they have now managed to raise them to fourth place, where they have won the title. 5 points.
He also deposited T.200,000 in TDR at Meghalaya Rural Bank, Ladrymbai Branch.
To discuss the road improvement in Shillong has ended, except for the khapsor or the suiñ road to reduce traffic jam.
There are those who sell nar rod, rong and dewbilat to build houses.
Speaking to the media, the candidates have expressed their intentions to contest the MLA election in 2023 by saying that they have to bring The development of the area, from the roads and streets that the people have longed for, adequate health facilities, adequate agriculture, adequate educational institutions, employment opportunities and employment opportunities for youth through the provision of adequate training programmes.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang expressed his satisfaction to see that the youth have risen steadily in the field of employment through their talents and this is an encouragement to the youth. many young people in this age.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Roshan Warjri, today launched the MAA or Mother's Absolute Protection, a program implemented by the Central Government to promote breastfeeding. it is best to give to the child.
The deadline for receipt of applications will be on the 13th of this month until 4 pm.
The same weakness has been applied to the RTI Act. Referring to the weakness of the Lokayukta, it is clear that the appointment of officers in the Directorate of Investigation and Directorate of Prosecution within the office of the Lokayukta has been implemented. to be-iron.
The fire broke out and burned down the whole house.
“At the same time, he strongly condemned the incident and said that what happened on Sunday evening may have been a plot by selfish groups.
These two districts have been able to hold a rally and signature campaign to fight against tobacco from 14th June to 20th June this year.
Shillong, July 02: The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong on Friday expressed his confidence that the National People's Party (NPP) will win a landslide victory to form a government. after the election.
Rowell said the Congress party will fall one day into the hands of Dr. Mukul Sangma. “The party will not be able to move forward under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma. I will meet with my fellow leaders,” he said.
They are skilled in philosophy, science and medicine.
Thus Jerusalem and the land of Israel were left desolate in those years.
Replying to a question whether the Congress will remove and give tickets to the MLAs who have been temporarily expelled if they return as agreed by Bah PN Syiem, Working President Samla Banphiralang said that the Congress will remove and give tickets to the MLAs who have been temporarily expelled. “If these MLAs come back, we welcome them but they will come only to support and they will not get the ticket,” he said.
In Life Assured, the date will coincide with the amount of the policyholder, the fund value must have been paid.
Shillong, March 13: The KHADC Dorbar today was shocked by the news in Rupang on 12th March that the allocation of all MDCs from T. crore of Special Assistance received by the Council from the Central Government.
Later, the Wajri Kur allocated funds to donate for the repair of the damaged house.
He said that the L&T Company in charge of the project to expand NEIGRHIMS has also brought in many foreign workers and when asked by the Project Manager whether they have Labor License or not, he does not know anything about Labour. When asked about License and Work Permit, he did not know anything.
He said Sohan should understand that the ANVC(B) has invited him to be one of the members of the nine-year peace talks with the government because he is one of the members involved in signing the peace talks. the social and government during the ANVC in
He said that the Union has informed the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to complete the PWD road from Mawsiatkhnam to Umrynjah which has been allocated under the PMGSY scheme and the road from Madan Mawkhar to Nongkohlew as soon as possible.
The Minister of State for Law, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, today said that the government is ready to rebuild the law office, but for now it will move elsewhere until the construction is completed. new.
The driver of the vehicle sustained minor injuries.
Ma Comingone Ymbon, MLA Raliang constituency, while speaking as the chief guest, explained about the damage to the environment.
Speech was also delivered by Lephing Pyrtuh, Waheh Chnong of Sohmynting who also submitted a report to the DC on the work of the VNRMC which has done many works in this village to improve the quality of life. preserve the environment and its surroundings.
Thus slavery and displacement will continue.
And the raccoon died there.
Meanwhile, the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar, hoped that the work to improve the stadium will start soon and a detailed project report has been prepared.
Pangñiang said that during the meeting, they discussed thoroughly and agreed that the demand for Khasi Jaintia Sate by the HSPDP and the demand for Garo Sate by the GNC, will be the issues of both. parties shall work together by mutual understanding and agreement, in determining the boundaries, according to the wishes of the people, to work together in the review according to the boundaries which have been It has been located between West Khasi Hills and East Garo Hills District.
Speaking to Rupang, one of the Presbyterian Church Archbishops, Pastor DS Sohkhlet, said that the passing away of Pastor Marbaniang is a great loss to the church as a whole and especially to the church. “He is a pastor who still has hope to serve the church in the years to come, he is also a pastor who can be a leader in the Synod, in the church, but we have lost Pastor Sohkhlet said in an interview with Rupang.
He said the meeting will be organized and prepared by the Personnel and Administrative Reforms Department.
To alleviate the shortage of rice in the market, the government has decided to purchase rice and sell it to the people.
“Besides, there are many elders who didn't support me, now they have come with me,” he said.
“In terms of reducing the threat of peace and stability, we have been able to fight against three challenges, the defeat of insurgency in Jammu & Kashmir, the emergence of armed groups in the North-East and the Left Wing Extremism.
If we turn to Myllung Kynpham Sing Nongkynrih in one of his poems about 'Ren' he says that as Ren said to his mother that while the sound in the river is still sounding it shows that he is still alive. and to his queen by saying that while the voice of speaking in the Khasi language is still heard in the streets and markets or anywhere else, it shows that the nation is still alive.
However, in October 2020, about 28 MLAs who supported Jyotiraditya Scindia's party left the party, leading to the collapse of the party. Kamal Nath's government and the BJP came to power only 15 months after the formation of the Congress government.
Shillong: Nizara M Sangma, 17, of Motinagar, Laitumkhrah, has been missing since 15th June 2023 from her residence.
Speaking at a public meeting in Changsari, near Guwahati, Modi said, “The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 is not only for Assam or the North East, but for the country as a whole. .
If I am wrong, the results of the 2023 elections will also come out unexpectedly.
Teams who wish to take part in this penalty match can call 6009337989,
The match will be played at 8:30 pm.
Meanwhile, Iran has vowed to punish Israel for the attack by Israeli troops last month, in which seven members of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps ( IRGC) lost their lives in the incident.
They also said that if they cannot sell within two days, they have to throw it away because it is no longer available.
“If independence produces slaves instead of slaves, we will be slaves”, said Bah Ardent of Macdonald Kongor's speech to Prime Minister JN Nehru in 1956 at a meeting in Khasi. National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar.
About 69 per cent of the cases came from these three states and Tamil Nadu accounted for 18.69 per cent of the new cases.
The rally included a march around Williamnagar where the participants chanted slogans to approve Garoland.
This was announced in a statement by RWDO Nongjri Circle President and General Secretary.
The building is located under the Shillong Cantonment Board, which is also the army base under Anjali Petrol Pump, Shillong.
The crowd led by former Chief Executive Member of JHADC Hambertus Nongtdu, former MLA Simon Siangshai and Waheh Shnong of Brishyrnot Village shouted “We support Star Cement” and “We support Star Cement”. go back.
Dr. DRL Nonglait wrote in his article about Dr. John Roberts in English, “John Roberts has achieved a large measure of success in providing materials for the school syllabus.
There are those who threaten that if we give our jait to the rangbah, we will fall into the blood.
In another milestone of achievement in the field of health services in Shillong, Nazareth Hospital has received recognition from the National Accreditation Board for Hospitals (NABH) for the best quality of health care.
It says that if any Khasi woman marries a foreigner, she will lose her rights as a Schedule Tribe.
Paul came to Shillong from Bangladesh, but suddenly while walking in front of the State Central Library, he saw a program on blood donation and asked his mother to find out. program because he wanted to donate blood.
Shillong Technology Park and has been involved in recognizing the talents of the youth and also in turning their talents into one of the best job opportunities.
Shillong, Naitung 6: Former Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that when he sat down as CEM, his main goal was to shake hands. UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh, Shillong West MLA and Ardent M Basaiawmoit, HSPDP MLA Nongkrem.
“The meeting will be held at Pynursla Market at 12 noon and the party invites the people of Riwar and the country to come and listen to what we have to explain the principles of the party. ," said Dr Batskhem Myrboh in a statement to the media.
Therefore, I urge the women themselves to think carefully and not to be misled by such parties which have already won the elections in the state”.
These do not count or limit it is only within these fundamental laws that our faith accepts that there is true freedom in the family.
In the election which was attended by 63 units in the constituency, Bah Anthony Khongwang won from 26 units. from the units of the constituency are willing to send him.
Shillong: The search for the joint candidate of the MDA is ongoing and two candidates have been nominated by the MDA for the post of joint candidate. The NPP is the party that leads the MDA coalition government in the state, but the party is still silent and it is not known who will win. proposed to the MDA to become a joint candidate.
The Dorbar lasted for two days to get a full and final decision.
Secretary, I&B, Apurva Chandra said that this is a special occasion for the Department as this is the first time that it has launched a shudro series specially designed for the people of the country. and especially the children of the country.
Mother's Union, GSU, ASWA, AYWO and FKJGP among others came to witness the agreement to allow jhur vendors from Dhubri and its surrounding areas to sell jhur. through these hats.
The CEM said that the Committee has also decided to allocate funds for the purchase of CCTV and solar panels to make the market safe for the movement of people inside the market. and neighboring communities.
and with the mercy that thou shalt have received, so shall they also be shown mercy.
The new school building was constructed at a cost of Rs 44 lakh 77 thousand through the Meghalaya School Infrastructure Improvement Program of the State Education Department.
However, Tympang Club scored another goal through Vishal Nongpluh in the 55th minute to secure the victory.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today said that there are 159 new cases of Covid-19 in the state and 159 recoveries. There are about 138 cases of this disease.
After this, the District Administration has imposed a night curfew in Tura and Section 144 Cr has been implemented.
“The CRPF has not done anything, they have finished their work and want to return to their homes.
The two organizations have suspended the distribution of ration cards to those who are eligible until the authorities of the Food and Civil Supply Department, Ri-Bhoi District can clarify the selection of the beneficiaries. enter this Ration Card.
He said that not only Khasi women who attended the meeting but also women from the border areas from Maheshkola, Khonjoy, Mawpyllun, Balat, Moilam and others from Hajong and others. .
When there are no inspectors in this area, it causes the truck drivers to throw away the bottles of kyiad and plastic in this area, thus polluting the environment because the village has taken care how to clean up the community especially plastic.
Dr. Robert of Jaiaw Hospital, he has no patients, he has only friends (the patients are his friends).
However, many shopkeepers are selling these items in Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (ETA) has inaugurated the new building, College Auditorium and Elevator funded by RUSA. The Association today expressed its opposition to the requirement for taxi drivers to wear uniforms.
Speaking to the Assistant Commissioner, the members of the union said that it is necessary to have MVIs in the district. this requirement of the organization.
The FKJGP also blessed and supported the KHADC under the leadership of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit to continue the crackdown on illegal shops of foreigners. She also congratulated Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, EM in charge of Trade and Industry for his tireless efforts to monitor this issue, so that as a nation we can hold back the position in the trade. legacy.
At the same time, we demand from the DC and especially the Supply Department of the District to ensure that there will be no shortage of kilograms from Kudam FCI and from wholesalers or dealers from now on, said a statement from Samla Forwardman Nongrem. Seventeen workers were killed when they were hit by a train in Aurangabad, the capital of Maharashtra, this morning.
However, the security forces have not revealed the names of the two arrested persons.
The MDA government's negligence of the teachers from Adhoc, SSA, Deficit pattern to Deficit teachers has discouraged their future and especially their education and literacy. read in the state.
Besides tens of thousands of people, the KJP Synod Mihngi Youth Assembly was also attended by two MPs, Vincent H Pala and Conrad Sangma, CEM of JHADC Thombor Shiwatu MLA. Sutnga, Dy.CEM of JHADC Andrew Shullai, Moonlight Pariat, Dolloi Jowai and Puramon Kynjing.
He said that the firearms available from the shop included shield, two shield rifles, pistols and bullets and were not found for sale to the public. “It will be only for those residents of Ri Bhoi who have license and permission from the government and people from outside the district will not be able to buy these firearms,” he said. added.
The program was attended by the students, teachers and staff of the school.
The answer is that love has declined and other reasons have led them to reach such places because no one has looked after them in the days of old age.
India's GRDI as a whole is 64.4, followed by Chhattisgarh, which is going to hold MLA elections, at Madhya Pradesh 74, Rajasthan 75.7 and Mizoram 75.1.
Of these, 117 were 18 years old (65 males and 52 females), 40 were between 14 to 18 years old (11 males and 29 females) and 9 were between 5 to 13 years old. age (5 males and 4 females).
After taking the decision at the meeting, Shaniah said that the two parties will talk to all the Rangbah Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills to join hands in their protest and after that the the date of the strikes.
I would like to urge my brother Bah RG Lyngdoh how he can help to restore peace in Garo Hills,” she said.
Some did not know how to answer the question and were surprised.
He said that these suspects detonated the bomb while the people were attending their Mass.
The larger rivers form themselves into bright streams, which are so beautiful that the banks of the rivers are long and sharing and terrible to turn to and they are covered with forests.
However, unfortunately, the health facilities in the state have been poor.
Dr Ldaya Kumar added that the skills of the students are through their own talents, and this is also in line with other higher education institutions.
In another development, the District authorities have lifted the closure of the house of Baldeep Singh, in Plot 1 Block A of Sweeper Colony, Mawlonghat, Shillong from today.
Answering a question, the President acknowledged that the sympathy vote will work well in Sohiong.
Russia's invasion of Ukraine has reached its ninth day, with fighting intensifying in Kyiv and other major cities of the country.
The HYC-West Khasi Hills has requested the HYC-West Khasi Hills to come and assist the Dorbar Shnong in closing down the factory.
Arjune Sohkhlet, President of the Seng, welcomed all the invitees, the youth to receive the award and the parents of the youth.
However, after the ban on coal mining by the National Green Tribunal (NGT), the residents of Laitryngew and the surrounding areas are now suffering from the decline in income. shalan is the coal.
“On our part as a group we have joined hands with the government but the government does not believe that we will have to show strong actions.
The incident occurred at 10 pm.
However, his marriage to Reena ended after 15 years.
The CSWO has been shocked after seeing that those involved in corruption including Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State, have been cleared by the High Level Scrutiny Committee (HLSC) in its report.
Conrad also confirmed that the election for the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly will be held in the Legislative Assembly, which will be held soon in November.
Therefore, the Government, which is the mother of all laws, has warned and directed the Rangbah Shnongs not to misuse their minor laws.
“Paul Leong has no knowledge, from now on we should not allow these criminals to stay in Iewduh,” said Paiem Latho.
At the end of the meeting, the Chief Commissioner of Income Tax, Shillong, RS Upadhyay spoke on several issues related to the collection and payment of tax. related to the paid mountain people in Meghalaya.
He said that the examination for those who could not write will be announced and informed to the students to know the date and time.
Earlier, the heavy rainfall had caused severe damage to the crops planted by the farmers.
It is the duty of all the citizens of the State to develop each other.
Nongpoh, Iaiong 29: As part of the promotion of sports in Ri Bhoi and to allow school children of Ri Bhoi to showcase their talents in sports besides education, the Ri Bhoi The Students Union (SSU) has decided to hold an Inter School Sports Meet at Madan Kurka.
Anganwadis and ASHAs will conduct surveys at designated places to identify those who should receive the injection and this will be monitored by the World Health Organization and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF). ) as well as the Chief Secretaries of various States in the region.
Speaking to reporters, KAS President Dr DRL Nonglait said, “KAS wants to follow up on this demand and to advise the state government on this step. know the Khasi language"
During this session of the Legislative Assembly in the State, issues related to the work of the Legislative Assembly in the State have been discussed, so that the Khasi media from newspapers and electronic media can receive them. and the digital media may use it at their discretion, even without the authorization of the authority responsible for the Khasi language.
According to Prof Phukan, the person who first gets the disease has headache, fever and headache, rheumatism and if not treated in time they can get the disease. the disease of death is the disease of death.
Shillong, Lber 23: Bengaluru FC on Saturday beat Lajong FC 3-0 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup at JN Sports Complex, Shillong.
Prestone said the Prime Minister will be sworn in on the 7th in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Amit Shah.
It includes cultural values, lifestyle, religion and religious beliefs and other issues.
“The refusal of the CMD to meet shows his aggression who thinks he is the master of the people and not the servant of the people,” said Bah Passah.
Jesus said, “Don't be surprised at this; for the hour is coming in which all who are in the tombs will hear his voice and come out.
“When there’s a conversation, you have to go.
Shangpliang said the committee on the Roster System has already met twice and a team of lawyers led by SP Mahanta has assisted the committee by providing opinion on the law.
The sharp decline in the car market has led to the loss of about 15,000 jobs in the past three months, the report said.
She was directed by Shiva Rani Kalita for the Assamese film Bridge.
Police said the incident happened at 9.30 pm.
Then Shaka as a shalyntem comes from the Sanskrit/Hindi Chakra.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr Werlok Kharshiing, President of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH), Dr Werlok Kharshiing, said that the Supreme Court has postponed the hearing date for the post of Rangbah Shnong. on 28 May 2016.
The thieves reportedly had about 10 million pieces of information about Americans and sent voice messages.
He said that politics should not be about distributing money but about life and death and for that reason those who remain in the Congress party should not ignore their ignorance because they will have to answer for the future. inheritance is clear.
When inquired by Rupang, the Rangbah Shnong of Umsyiem, confirmed the incident by phone call.
The main objective of the BJP party since its inception is to bring about Hinduism in Hindustan.
The CAA 2019 does not consider anything and does not address the realities of us living in the border areas with Bangladesh.
Good job Mizo CM.
In the next match, Lummyrli SC beat Bataw FC 3-2 in a tie-breaker after a 2-2 draw.
The youth is known as Opching Bareh who is also from the Presbyterian Church and he said that he did this by the command of God and not by any Pastor or Tymmen Basan. .
Although there was a request to the BSF to stop recording video, the man did not listen to their request.
However, even after this, the union found that many did not follow the government's announcement and continued to appoint jobs.
The Jews and Israelites were a nation that was not righteous.
Snepkor water is indeed very beneficial for health in many ways, and is one of the best drinks for hydrating the body and relieving fatigue. .
There is a scheme to rep khaw but if you don't have khaw dkhar you will die.
Barack Obama will have only 90 days to remove Bashal al-Assad, which was authorized by the US Congress.
“The UIDAI, which issues the Aadhaar card, recommends that the Aadhaar number be used for purposes that should not be given or distributed to others,” the Government of India said.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has taken strict measures to eradicate these illegal coke factories in the state and to comply with the order of the High Court. State of Meghalaya High Court.
“We will also try to seek assistance from the central government and others such as the National Fish Development Board (FFDA) so that we can develop the fish farming industry and it will also be one of the ways. employ the youth of the District and we will be able to import fish from outside the State.
The fee for solo singers and dancers will be 1000 tyngka.
Another 7-year-old child, Dimah Gashnga, is still in the ICU at Woodland Hospital.
The government's inability to control the number of illegal immigrants has increased to earn a living but this has led to many misguided lives.
He said that the demarcation process has been completed without listening to the voice of the people and many of the decisions to demarcate the boundary have been taken from Assam and the people of Meghalaya don't know anything. It is for this reason that the people have expressed their concern over the border settlement between the Meghalaya and Assam governments.
“If this road is not repaired and improved, it is expected that by the end of October this year, this road will not be usable for vehicles because it has been damaged,” said the KSU leader from Narpuh. , although the government regularly convenes meetings with the village headmen of the area, but the union understands that the village headmen and headmen of Narpuh area are wise and intelligent and the government cannot deceive them. regarding the request of NHAI to reopen the toll gate.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ma Kyndiah said that the task of these leaders is to set up different Mandals, which will take about 40 days to elect different leaders. in the constituencies of West Jaintia Hills District.
The purpose of the meeting of the North Eastern Council was to discuss the development works of the district and the region.
After evacuating the woman from the scene of the collision, the police took her away.
A senior Iraqi army chief has admitted that troops have killed hundreds of ISIS militants and has recaptured Anbar Province, where the militant group has been fighting. attacked in recent weeks.
The father had two, three or four wives and from each wife he had children and he did not live with any of them.
This report is not just statistics, but statistics that reflect the state of governance and point out the corruption and corruption in the workplace.
Speaking to reporters in Dispur, the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, said that the curfew will be implemented from 10 pm. until 6 o'clock in the morning.
“We hope that before the end of this month, the central government through the Ministry of Home Affairs will send the VAB to the Governor,” said the chairman of SNSBH. The Rangbah Shnongs have decided that if they don't go to Delhi to meet with the central government officials, it will not happen.
“It's too much,” agreed the mother. “When the work is done, I'll tell you again,” said the father. “Why don't you tell me now, father?” asked the mother.
Jerusalem is the hour, minute and second to the end of the age.
KHNAM said it is waiting and looking forward to meeting with the Chief Minister to discuss these issues.
If they don't turn into demons, why do they kill those Nongshohnoh when they are the way to God because they believe in that Thlen whose power is, 'Next 2 God'
The check point is located on the bypass road, Khliehtyrshi, West Jaintia Hills District. In this incident, there was a stone throwing between the truck drivers and the guards of the check point.
Speaking to one of the youths, he said that they have not yet decided which path to take as they will have to wait for the decision of the court.
Why do we say that, at the meeting yesterday when they prepared the Data and the Roster Register, they mentioned since
Shillong: U MDC of Jaiaw Constituency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Saturday, the 186th death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh, said that the MDC of Jaiaw Constituency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has said that He also launched another ambulance of KSU Jaiaw Circle.
The court has issued an order that the state government should not dismiss these 50 Assistant Teachers, who have been selected and who have no bad marks at the time of selection.
The Federation condemns the company and the government for failing to cooperate with the villages, civil society and others.
And what we need to look at now is the government's immediate refusal to discuss the Reservation Policy and Roster System, which is the issue brought by the VPP. We don't understand why the MDA government. 2.0 is afraid to convene a Special Assembly Session as demanded by the VPP but wants to convene a meeting of all parties to discuss the Roster System.
He also acknowledged that the department faces many difficulties in persuading parents to bring their children for vaccination.
In the past, during office hours, it was seen that government employees were walking from the Secretariat to Police Bazar. from peons to LD, UD excluding the officers who should have received vehicles from the government.
As a sign of remembrance, a two minute silence was also observed in memory of all those who sacrificed their lives for the freedom of India.
Sub Junior 10-13 years (born between 01-01-2010 to 31-12-2013)2
We have witnessed the mass protests for the post of Rangbah Shnong, for the ILP and others in the past years.
The Central Government has allocated 4 to 120 buses to Meghalaya under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme which has now been renamed the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation Scheme.
However, the people as they have learned should not fight just because they have been defeated, create riots, throw stones at people's houses, shoot, burn houses, burn cars and damage government offices.
Only an application fee of 100 tyngka will be charged.
He said that the KHADC will soon summon the Syiem to explain why he has violated the order by continuing to issue NOCs to foreigners.
“It's too late.
This skum should be broken and re-collected several times to mix the skum with the drugs as described below.
Of course, laws are needed to protect, but if no one enforces them or if they are not strong enough to enforce them, the laws cannot do anything.
However, he said that there was no rule to create a new Block but the aim of the Government is to improve the services of the Government to the people.
“Our authorities have gone to court and lodged a complaint against this and we will demand that this case should be heard tonight,” she said.
It is true that we cannot bring about an agreement between the Government of India, the Government of Meghalaya and the HNLC if we forget history.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Dhar said the government has started the implementation process to prepare for the relocation of offices and the submission of the tender.
“It is unfortunate that when the insurgents kill people, the Sengbhalang does not believe to sympathize or to visit relatives," said relatives who did not want to be identified.
On the same day, the party will also announce the launch of a campaign to seek the support of Bah Kharjahrin in this election.
These two leaders donated their blood at the Voluntary Blood Donation Camp cum awareness program held at Nongpoh organized by the Blood Bank Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
If there is anyone who is selfish, they should cut off their heads and faces.
Perhaps, it is proud that the great statue of Tirot Singh Syiem of the Nongkhlaw Hima will be erected in Mairang.
The drugs were seized from a man who was coming from Silchar Jiribam to Guwahati.
As the candidate, Bah Warjri said that the VPP has brought a promise to the people of Mairang to bring about a clean and transparent governance free from corruption and that is all. a path that can lead to economic development, employment and agricultural development.
In this age of world wealth, which is called the age of light and knowledge, the status of human beings has turned into the power of PISA. you don't have any more value.
He won twice as MDC from Mawsynram from the Congress before being defeated as MLA in the 2018 elections from the PDF by Hima Shangpliang from the Congress.
Speaking to reporters, James Sylliang said that he has not received any information from the CEM or a letter on the matter. CEM and if there are any changes he said he would look into it.
He said that like other foreigners who have to pass through Shillong to travel to other states, they should not be affected.
Fourteen teams took part in the parade and the venue was at the Mini Stadium, Ampati.
The expenditure of the village should be reported by the Auditor of the Dorbar Shnong and not by the Village Committee.
Dr. War gave an example that it is like Rep Shyrte which destroys the land and they often encourage the farmers not to cultivate such crops.
When he moved there is earthquake.
When asked, Bah Dhar acknowledged that it is necessary to ensure the cleanliness of the offices of the Transport Department in the state and said, “Yes, all the operations should be clean and if there is any improper conduct and when we receive the complaint we will be able to take appropriate disciplinary action.
Freedom in financial matters will not be discussed, especially those who are rich.
Therefore, the union has returned them to their place of origin and has issued a strong warning to those contractors; Those who are reluctant to bring foreigners, should provide the work permit of the state, otherwise the union will not take responsibility.
The reason is that the doctors who followed him did not follow the instructions of Dr. Joy.
Shillong: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) under the leadership of the Education Secretary of the CEC, Bah Steward Malngiang, today came to close down the school after receiving complaints from many people. The shop has failed to provide cleanliness and proper documents to its employees.
He said that the government cannot issue licenses openly to anyone without considering those who are entitled to them because if it is issued openly to all, it will be a problem in which the land owners will be shlei smam. it shall disturb the walking and standing of the people.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Adelbert has held a protest at Malki Square to protest against the lack of action by the MDA government on four issues. The government has already decided to implement one of these measures.
The reason why the people elect them is because there is a reason and because they stand on the basis that the people want them to stand on.
He said this shows that Meghalaya is very weak.
On the 27th of November, they raised their flags, on the 29th, they went to sign their names, on the 3rd of November, they took leave, on the 4th, they held a dharna, and on the 5th, they held a rally.
Russian media reported that four Il-76 aircraft were shot down and damaged in the Ukrainian drone strike.
Police seized 2.771 kilograms of illegal amphetamine tablets from Sanju's bag.
In fact, good teaching teaches us how to treat others as better than ourselves so that we can lead them to the path of goodness.
The President of the Youth Wing of the HSPDP, Bah Sandondor Ryntathiang attended the meeting of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) held in Sohiong today.
Other drones attempted to fly and observe during the test include Dronery, Cando Drones and Down Wind.
Sangma was speaking at a function held at the Conference Hall of Pinewood Hotel, Shillong today under the theme “Viksit Bharat”. force the residents and to reach the last mile.
Black Flag Day will start tomorrow across the country and other protests will be announced later.
“We have decided to act quickly by evacuating the goods and we have been able to do this using many means,” the Government Spokesperson said.
When we talk about the wisdom and understanding of leaders, it means the ability to understand from the root or from the root the causes of many problems.
We also witness the benefits taken by the Central Government and the State Government that this disease has not affected our country India as it has affected some countries in the world where the death toll has increased. It has increased in the thousands and the incidence of the disease has increased.
CP Marak has retired from the post of PCCF & HoF, Forest on 31.12.2019 and his term of office as Chairman of the State Pollution Control Board has also expired. .
Ralph Nongpyur and Aneesh Sangma won the SUV category.
The MDA Government and all the MLAs should implement the LLP as the people of Khasi Hills, said Bah K.Skan Rani Vice President HNYF. K.Skan Rani Vice President HNYF Central Body, Samla Welbirt Rani President FKJGP Central Body, Sordar Sangshong Mairang Bah Ambrose Marwein and others.
The JSU through Treibor R Suchen General Secretary of the party said that Conrad's actions are unacceptable because the ILP resolution passed in the Legislative Assembly is only to stir up the protests of the political parties. The government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has not had time to discuss the ILP with the Home Minister of India. He spent time in Delhi to discuss the Khalai issue in the state and India as a whole.
“It is to be recalled that the Honorable President of India, Droupadi Murmu has honored Meghalaya for the successful implementation of the JJM across the country.
Among the bowlers, Manish Sharma scored 6/50 in 36 overs for Meghalaya.
About 13 government offices have been inspected and even at 11.30 am there are no people, except for a few with 1 or 2 chawkidars.
Dr Ampareen was speaking as the Chief Guest at the closing ceremony of the 25th Anniversary of the Seng Samla Mawkhar on Saturday.
Not only the price of farm rice has increased, but the price of other rice has increased significantly in these days and these include saw rice, which has reached T.10 each and then. Other types of pylleng, such as han pylleng, syiar pylleng, have also increased in price these days.
The match will continue on the 2nd June 2022 where Lawsohtun SC will face Smit SC at 3:30 pm.
There, the jury may consider based on the evidence and evidence that can be used on human rights before making a verdict of acquittal or conviction.
He said that through the BJP, the Leshka project, the national highway and the Tamabil Dawki trade center have come.
But now they say Fi, Fa, No, No.
Without neglecting the advice and discussion on how to fill the household with dignity.
Referring to those who live in the Carona Care Centres, Kong RM Kurbah, said that from now on, the people who live in these Carona Care Centres, will have to cover their own expenses such as food and other expenses. others, according to the directives of the government, but for those who belong to poor families and fall under the BPL, the government will assist in covering the cost of living.
District Secretary Adiam u Bthuh, District Organizer Scouts Elvis Dkhar and District Organizer Guides S.Shylla.
The government today convened a meeting to discuss the announcement on the CrPC and CPC with the Chief Executive Members (CEMs) of the three District Councils.
Shillong: On Tuesday, July 27, 2021, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday said that Bangladeshi suspects have robbed and robbed a liquor shop in Darrang village. , Amlarem Sub Division.
We have experienced bloodshed in the past years,” said the HNLC. The HNLC said that it was the government's negligence that led to the resumption of weapons and the IED bombing. soon in a remote area, as part of sending a message to the government of its misconduct.
The families of the deceased are busy these days to collect the ashes of those who have died of covid
Jowai, March 27: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) in collaboration with the KNGCJ has organized a program on human rights at Kiang Nangbah Govt.
Shillong: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) on Friday held a sit-in protest in all the states of the North East.
While the Meghalaya High Court was ruling in a case on frequent power outages, there was a temporary power outage and this prompted the judge to say that It may not be a sign that the state government will have to give a full answer to the electricity shortage.
Nongrum expressed his concern over the government's inability to implement its promise to remove these people within five years.
Jowai, March 04: The Mobakhon Area today under the leadership of Poibha Suiam as President and Yoniki Dhar donated money to the homes of the orphans. within the village and also to one who is disabled.
This was announced by the Secretary to the State Government in charge of the Home (Police) Department.
Rocky Hek is the brother-in-law of Bah AL Hek who recently left the BJP to join the NPP today to contest against his mother in the Assembly elections. which will be held in 2023.
According to the verdict of the court, the former CEO of MKVIB is an elderly government official and has started to suffer from health problems. and for his part he shall not last long if he be imprisoned for many years.
Solomon Rondon scored the first goal in the 66th minute for Manchester City to beat New Castle United 2-1 in the English Premier League on Saturday. Richie scored from the penalty spot in the 80th minute, while Sergio Aquero scored in the 24th second.
Why have we become so selfish with our nature? Nature will one day fight against us human beings if we don't take care of it soon.
He said the government has allocated another 4000 rapid test kits to speed up the examination.
The Working President of the PDF, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency, did not deny the report, saying that the party will discuss the issue in due course.
There is no benefit in providing roads and highways that meet the standards.
Finally, what is needed is that when national parties draw up their Manifestos or Vision Documents, the issues should be related to the state; otherwise, the vision will become a vision and will not be able to conquer the world.
There have been 855 deaths from COVID-19 in the state after six deaths and 460 new cases on Saturday.
The central theme of this convention is “You are precious in My sight, and you have been honored because I love you.
We feel that it is necessary to arrest those involved in the use of formalin in fish.
That is, God did not force man because He created man to understand and choose whether to believe or not.
The Directorate of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) is looking for a Project Assistant at a salary of T.35,000 per month and is looking for those who have completed BCA, BSc, IT. who have been working in this field for 5 years.
We have witnessed that in many forms of violence against women, the perpetrators do not respect the dignity of women even those who are 5-6 years old.
It may be recalled that the three day tournament of 26 schools was held in a busy atmosphere and on the closing day, the former DSO who is now the Assistant Director of Sports, was also present. State, Mr. Paia War Nongbri with the current DSO, Mrs. Balarina Syiem.
The KSU also criticized the state government for passing a resolution to demand ILP, and urged the government to implement the resolution ILP first, and then We will discuss the railway line later, because until now the party feels that there is an urgent need for laws to protect the railway line.
“We have asked the former Minister of Education, Kong Ampareen, on the need for the government to set the price of schools in the state.
The Lamphang said that the IIT Guwahati has investigated to find out the cause of the collapse as well as the condition of the remaining parts of the building.
Earlier, the Minister also met with Kong T Nongkhlaw, the first mother to give birth at Umthlong Sub Center and handed over gifts.
In these 50 years of the state's history, we have witnessed progress in all aspects and have seen many changes and development.
D.Kyndiah, SDO PWD (Roads) Nonghyllam Division, Bah BR Dkhar, SDO PWD (Roads) Ranikor Division, Block Development Officer Ranikor C&RD Block, Bah AL Bareh, MCS and others attended the ceremony. on this day.
Meghalaya has 300,000 hectares of agricultural land and 10 lakh hectares of agricultural land is free from pesticides.
In Shillong, only NEHU and Shillong Cantonment Board have participated in this programme.
Hooid, once you think about it, it is only in human life that we don't just have to live and stay like trees and stones. counting kur counting jait, documents, documents and records of khadar rule and so on.
And now there are still their inheritances that we have inherited.
If you want to know the truth, go to the office of Nissan Company which is the car dealership,” said the wife of Bah Lyngdoh.
Bushbashisha Tohtih (6 overs: tied for 16 runs: 3 wickets) and Richmond Nongdhar (5 overs: tied for 14 runs: 3 wickets). helping the team win by 57 runs.
Khliehriat jymmang 8: The Star Cement Dewbilat Company through the CSR department, today donated school supplies to school children and sports equipment to 14 schools in Narpuh, Narpuh. The meeting was held at the Star Club of the Company in Lumshnong and the program was conducted by the General Manager CSR Star Cement, Kingshok Borah.
Arju said the group intends to lodge a complaint against the MeECL management for its inability to appoint staff.
In soils that are only dewbyrtha, rice cannot germinate, but in clay soils, they do not grow well, because these types of soils lack the nutrients needed for all plants.
It was also seen that he was standing in front near the pandal where Bah Ardent was sitting because he was able to take part in the applause when Bah Ardent gave a speech to explain the position of the VPP.
Also present were the MLA of Sohra and Shella, education officers, teachers and students of the College.
As soon as it was released at 10 am, Lang said that the bird did not turn back and fled to the Sunapani area.
They said that in 2020-21, there were many jobs in Khasi Hills but not a single Garo was elected.
Explaining in detail to Rupang, it is also surprising to hear from Bah Muni Makri, who said that such incidents have happened since 2015 when the two stairs have collapsed. ingkhong, but this year there are up to 3 households of the 'Makri' clan.
At the same time, the MLA also donated a computer to Mawsiatkhnam.
The main reason for all these delays is due to inadequate accounting and mismanagement of public funds.
This great King not only trusted and believed in God but was also able to make the people trust and believe in God.2 Chronicles 20:13- And all Judah stood by before the LORD, with their little ones, their wives, and their children: for they knew that they should fear the LORD, and no man.
Gaddez Salon is owned by Forming Siangshai from Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District.
The traditional dances and songs that performed on this day included the 'Shad Shoh Kba' performed by the Raid Nongbri, the traditional song by the Raid Bhoi Lasa, the Shut wait and the Rah Kynthei. , from Raid Nonglyngdoh and includes a traditional song by Bah Justine I.Sun on the life of the people in Raid Nonglyngdoh and one of the most famous songs known as 'Shi eh ka Khwai Dohkha'
There was love, respect between them and there was also a stirring, a thrill for the viewers of this film.
The father of the child said that his son left home on Saturday and did not return home.
It is to be recalled that at the time of the drafting of the Constitution, Meghalaya had not yet been created; The United Khasi Hills District is still part of the State of Assam.
He also urged the youth and leaders of the District Youth Assembly, to always participate in sports, so that their minds will be clean.
There are only two groups serving the people of the State in the field of health, one is the Christian Church and other faith groups and the Government.
She said that the passage of coal trucks from Bhutan through Dawki has been going on for about two months without being interrupted. the coals and carry them according to the standards.
The HNLC has made it clear that it wants to divide Meghalaya, like Jammu and Kashmir, which was divided into two small states. The Hynniewtrep State should be implemented by setting a clear timeline for the implementation of the Hynniewtrep State and if that happens, the HNLC feels that it can trust the state government and the HNLC. The HNLC has said that it does not support any laws that are difficult and even those that lead to the death of its leaders. fear has never been in the hearts of the leaders of the party.
This bill will also open up the opportunity for cooperation in agriculture where people can invest in agriculture, where farmers can get the benefits of financial support and this The bill is sufficient to improve the farmers in the country.
The KAS also said that the reason for the unrest in the state is because the people of the state do not accept the CAA
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The owners of Goalpara District Truck Owners Association, Assam under the banner of Goalpara District Truck Owners Association, Assam have stopped operating trucks since today 17th June to protest against the collection of taxes. Illegal extortion of coal trucks along NH-62 and NH-3
On the other hand, the CEM said that the KHADC stands firm on the ground that there is no rule that it is necessary to seek permission from the Governor to pass a law on any subject that has been included in the Sixth Schedule. Scheduled, and therefore, the question of seeking prior permission from the Governor does not exist at all.
Two persons have died today and the death toll has risen to
Police have received two complaints regarding the incident.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong today visited the Civil Hospital Shillong which is one of the hospitals in Shillong which treats corona virus patients. .
Regarding the year of implementation of the Roster System, it should be left to the Legislature and the Executive, especially to the new Assembly, to discuss this.
When asked about the opinion of other parties, except the Congress, many did not want to nominate their own candidate because they said that their parties are too small because they have not yet established themselves in the whole country. Meghalaya and even in Khasi-Jaintia, because there are only two or three MLAs and MDCs.
Post Offices are still needed and functioning well despite the advent of modern technology which has made it easier to disseminate information including the sending of letters between Government offices and the sending of personal letters that are no longer required to be sent through the Post Office.
Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Deb said five of them were from Chennai and Bangalore, four from Mumbai and one from the railway department.
Meanwhile, Minister C Kharkongngor alleged that the Syiem, even the figures since he became Syiem Pura, has not been able to provide more detailed information regarding the figures, land and market rent. .
It is learned that most of those who have contracted the disease have not appeared outside and some have not gone for testing and those who have hidden the disease have infected others. , in their own homes, or in their own villages.
Chyne said that the state government has come to clarify on the implementation of schemes related to the C&RD department and on this he does not want to say anything, as it relates to and the scheme implemented by the State Government.
Speaking to reporters, Radheshyam said that there has been a lot of discussion in recent days on the fees of school children, the salaries of teachers and staff in schools, as well as in schools of He said that private schools or government-aided schools should pay the salaries of their employees from June to November
He said that they always pay the tax at any price to the department, even though they don't know the increase in the price. The relationship between the Government and other associations, he said, does not want the shooting trade in Polo to disappear.
This darkness has made it difficult for many people to complete their work and especially the school children who have to miss their studies to prepare for their examinations.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem expressed his gratitude to the work order for the purchase of computers which is also part of the needs of schools in this era. , as well as to hand over the women's house of the Diwon Presbyterian Church which is a blessing for them to be able to work and continue their service to carry out the work of the Church.
Pai grows best in dry areas with rainfall of about 75 inches per year.
It is learned that initially the fire started to burn down one factory and which was more damaged, later it started to spread to the three factories nearby. .
Informing that the Government has sent an inquiry into the incident, the Minister said that the four bullets fired into the air were only to intimidate the people not to gather and said, “As I said, this incident happened. I'm not a thief".
Furthermore, the party requests the full support of the people of the state in this regard until the demand is met.
Police have conducted an investigation according to the rules of law and arrested the suspects. The investigation is ongoing. The Narcotic Drugs and Psychotic Substances Act (NADA) has been used to improve the quality of drug trafficking in the country.
But he said, “Many will come in my name, saying, 'I am he,' and will deceive many.
“I eat only ja, I don't use umphniang or musli musla and I eat dai with syrwa and a few sohmynken,” he said.
He said the central government has sent a State level action plan for the cyclone and more than 25 States and Union Territories have not yet shared it with the Central Government.
The meeting was conducted by JHTOA President, Biangshwa Shylla, General Secretary, Harpidiou Suiam, Balen Thubru, Graham Lyngdoh, Sangot Mulieh and others. others.
Simon Mannar, Disciplinary Secretary EJNC-CEC, passed away on 12/08/21 at 1:30pm at Woodland Hospital, Soomer West Jaintia Hills District, after a sudden illness.
On the opening day of the Shad Suk Mynsiem, there were 150 dancers including 96 men and 54 women from the Seng Khasi Seng Raid branches from all over the country.
Silbi will now prepare to receive the award from the President of India at a function to be held at Rashtrapati Bhawan in October or June this year.
This annual influx of people is destroying natural resources and tension could break out any day.
Speaking at a meeting in Jatalong, in front of Congress MLAs and MDCs, he said he was sorry to learn about the insults of the village leaders and people living in Block-2 The state government has only talked and knows only to ask for documents from the people living in Block-2, but they only know how to ask, in practice they cannot help anything. There is also a need for the people in the area and especially to resolve the border issue.
A thorough investigation was conducted under the NDPS Act and a case was registered against the suspect. After that, the suspect was arrested for further investigation. He was involved in the smuggling of drugs, according to a source from the Ri Bhoi Police.
“The expectation of this meeting will be to announce and present before the court in the form of a report.
“I remember that the Chief Minister said that it has been strictly enforced but if it is strictly enforced, hundreds of trucks carrying coal will pass overnight.
Speaking at the briefing, the MLA said that his visit to CNI Mawsiatkhnam was due to the fact that from time to time the church leaders have informed him regarding the He informed them that this well is very important and soon they will be able to build it.
These new leaders of the HNYF Nongpoh Circle were confirmed by Bah Sadon Blah as the chief leader at a meeting held at the Dorbar Hall Nongpoh in the presence of the President of the HNYF Northern Region, Bah Marcus Marten, Secretary, Edelbert Nongrum, Vice President, JM Cyne and other leaders and members of the HNYF from the HNYF and Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: “Bangladesh is against all forms of terrorism and Bangladesh will fight to eradicate all forms of terrorism within its territory,” said the Deputy Commissioner of Jamalpur District. Bangladesh, where he led a delegation from Bangladesh to the meeting between the Deputy Commissioners, District Magistrates, Superintendents of Police between the two countries of India (Meghalaya) and Bangladesh which was held today. today in Shillong.
In general, the inhabitants of this area, as mentioned above, live by agriculture.
The border inspection between Meghalaya and Assam officials started from Barapathar village, followed by Iongkhuli, Pillankata and Maikhuli.
New Delhi: The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH) today issued a decision to issue driving licenses, vehicle number plates and The permits will remain valid until 31st October 2021, due to covid.
The program was enriched by a special song by Bah Amnis Shangdiar, one of the members of TULBA Mawkyrwat Unit.
And they brought the colt to Jesus, and they put their outer garments upon it, and set Jesus on it.
Shilling Roy Kharlukhi, who represented the state in the 1988 National Junior Championship in Kerala and the 1993 Santosh Trophy in Madras.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, today announced a curfew from 7 pm to 5 pm today. , with a curfew on Sunday.
From the testimony of witnesses and evidence seized there is some truth to the allegations but there is no evidence that the place has been turned into a brothel or evidence that prostitution has been conducted in this bag.
She invited everyone to visit their Institute for themselves so that they can see for themselves and get more detailed information.
In a statement, the Seng through its Publicity Secretary, Bah Mebanteilang Sukhalin, said that this is not true and perhaps it is the statement of some businessmen who are involved with the politicians. The party itself will not allow these selfish people and will stand against this proposal until the Inner Line Permit (ILP) can be implemented in the state.
Banteidor Lyngdoh was accompanied by Gavin M Mylliem, MLA Sohra and President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF).
It strongly opposes the State Government to introduce any new Bills relating to Dorbar Shnongs and any Bills that affect the culture, poverty and the future of the youth. who is responsible for the welfare of the nation.
Other wrestlers from Meghalaya, including Kordor Marwein in the lightweight 57-60kg category, lost to Aditya Nagar of Uttar Pradesh after the referee had to stop the fight. the first.
The celebration was enriched by songs by the village officials, youth organizations, women's organizations, school children, performance of traditional costumes by women, dances by school children and youth of the village.
Also present on the occasion were Nongstoin MLA Macmillan Byrsat, Mawryngkneng MLA Pynïaid Sing Syiem, Mawphlang MDC Lamphrang Blah, Mawsynram MDC Alvin Sawkmie, Rambrai MDC Bajop Pyngrope, Mawlai MDC Bajop Pyngrope. Bah Teibor Pathaw, along with other party leaders and leading leaders of the National People's Youth Front.
From the custom in society through the ages, it becomes a custom and when the custom is fully developed, it becomes a traditional custom until it is complete and complete. method.
In the second leg, Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng beat Mupliang 5-2
Furthermore, Bah Dasakhiatbha urged the filmmakers and producers not to give up despite the criticism.
However, in my research, I found that the root cause of all these things comes from the fact that the man is not where he should be.
The custom of giving birth :- As a nation as a whole, this is very wrong, in fact this man-made custom should be changed.
It is worth mentioning that Bah H Donkupar R Lyngdoh, UDP candidate from Sohiong constituency, passed away suddenly on 20th June before the elections.
Reports also suggest that Kichcha may retire from acting completely after entering politics and perhaps this will happen in the coming years.
He alleged that the SMB has failed to provide adequate services to the people such as drinking water supply, street lights, garbage collection, child care and other public needs.
The victim was identified as Dijak Ch Sangma, 45 years old.
To write Khasi we don't understand the difference between the letters Ï and I or N and Ñ.
There is no longer any other state.
Shillong: The Federation of All School Teachers (FASTOM) today staged a second day of protest at the Secretariat Road to demand the government. to increase salaries by 18,000 and to increase salaries annually by 5%.
In connection with this Behdeinkhlam festival, the Sein Raij Chyrmang invites and welcomes all the children of the Raij and others from near and far to witness the Behdeinkhlam festival This was announced by Rod Shylla, Secretary of the Sein Raij.
The vehicle was driven by Aldrin Ahmed, from Beltola Assam, but both the occupants of the vehicle were not injured. , except for the damage to the vehicle.
The High Court recalled that on May 4, 2023, it had directed the state government to answer why the court will still have to rely on government authorities and especially the police and why there is no need to The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has been appointed to investigate illegal activities related to coal – from mining to illegal coal mining and exportation – especially when it appears that these activities are carried out by the people of Assam.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that at present he cannot disclose the names of the candidates and he will inform the media after the election. the party has been able to think.
Therefore consider the word, and understand the vision" Daniel 9:20-2
He also announced that the government on this basis has opened the first university of the state, Captain Williamson Sangma State University recently at Balalgre, Tura.
Until 10th November 2013, there will be no government programmes, including a memorial service for Mandela at the Johannesburg Stadium, which can accommodate up to 94,000 people. .
He said that the IRC has already conducted a thorough survey in all the states not only in Rajasthan before issuing the Manual (regarding the safety of roads).
It is because of the desire of the tribals to preserve their customs and traditions that the Sixth Schedule or special rules of procedure to protect the tribal minorities will be introduced and the District Councils will be established.
These include 6 cases in North Garo Hills, 4 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills.
The program was conducted and welcomed by Ms. G Gymphad DPM and Bah.
The Seng has promised that if the accused delays in apologizing, the Seng will not refuse to lodge a complaint against him and at the same time the Seng has requested the Youtuber to file a complaint against him. .
At the meeting, the lawyer of the district council explained that the CEM of KHADC has forced and sent him to Saitsohpen to inform the people of the district that the KHADC will continue the struggle. .
The union said that the government should ask for clarification from the operators of these government buses which have been handed over to the private sector why they do not run much on this day to carry passengers.
He said that the decision to stay there is to wait until the return of the Commissioner Secretary to the Finance Department to meet with him and understand the reasons for the decision. crore tyngka.
On receiving information about the Karbi, about 100 residents of Lapangap rushed to the area to protect the trees, but the efforts of the residents of Lapangap to protect the trees They were thrown stones by the Karbi but no one was injured.
Kevin will have to think about putting forward the team today before thinking about reaching the 100 run mark.
Among the listeners, they also liked a preacher who knew how to create by heart, but to him who spoke straight from the Word of God, they said, “We are tired of listening because it is old.
The SP, while giving more details on the incident, said that on the night of the 19th, the police, on receiving a tip on the presence of a man lyngktar on the ground, rushed to the scene. They rushed to the scene and found the man lying in a pool of blood inside the ground floor of the car manufacturing factory belonging to Farid Mukhim of Laitkor Mawrie, Lumheh.
The purpose of this is to bring transparency and transparency and especially to help younger players.
Thus, Israel was rebuilt from 1948 AD. The wilderness was filled with people and fruitful.
He said that the Khasi language has been taught in schools and studied up to the PhD level. on 4th June, 2005 and the Khasi language was used in government offices.
The Dolloi held a meeting at Mupyut to discuss this issue on 13th Oct
The residents said that although they face many problems in each village, they do not blame anyone because without the road it is difficult for the residents to accept other types of development works in the villages. At present, as the residents of Mawmang area and 6 villages, they want the government to fight for the construction of roads in this area.
However, the most prominent bowler of Meghalaya today was Aditya Singhania who took four wickets.
In fact, before it asks for money, it should consult with the people, ask the people what the needs are, where they are needed, where and how to implement them for the people and then ask for these needs. The public should not go ahead with the project report of the DPR which is tip top in the court but without anything on the ground.
Many of these children, especially the men, earn money by raising cattle and goats.
The residents of the village cannot tolerate the negligence of MeECL until they leave their jobs to come to the office to seek clarification on their problems.
Therefore, those who want to contest against the sitting MDC, MLA, MP should have the same wealth or more or better than them, before the election so that they can show the people that they can. However, the saddest thing is that as the years go by, we have heard and read that the money has been spent to buy it. the support of the voting public.
In addition, the CBCI, through the Church in India, has also conducted prayer programmes, peace marches, collection of resources and others to support those affected by the conflict.
Guwahati: Unidentified persons have allegedly stolen T.45 lakh from a man who was waiting in line to deposit money at a bank in Nagaon, Assam on Friday.
The Dy.Secretary in charge of finance of the NSCN(K) was identified as Gaising Maringmei (40) alias Ronal.
“However, we have decided that we want to contest only one seat (Tura) and allow another seat from Shillong to be contested by other parties,” he said.
There are also model houses of Mylliem, Jirang, Nongkhlaw, Nongstoin, Maharam, Mawsynram, Sohbar, Shella, Mawphlang and Nonglang.
In chasing the target, the Indian bowlers did not play well and in the end managed to score only 113 runs in 35.5 overs.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Wansuk Rymbai and was delivered by Bah Kalwel Sohtun Rangbah Dong of the village. For more than 70 years, the village has received its own village from Mawryngkneng, but it is sad to say that it has not yet received a proper road to facilitate the traffic. There is a lot of trouble, especially if you don't have a serious illness, many of you die on the way to the hospital.
In Meghalaya, teachers are the lowest in the country and only the title of Sir/Miss Khlem has facilities.
Ganesh was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment.
The gold medal winners were Badonkupar Synnah in the 63 kg category, Bhalang Shadap in the 67 kg category and Ram Lyngdoh in the 60 kg category.
Shillong: On the 19th and 22nd November 2021, Khliehriat Police Station received a tip that two children, aged 13 and 14, from Khliehriat, have been abducted from their home; from 17th November 2021.
The Acting Sirdar, Secretary and member of the Sirdar Dorbar were elected from the meeting at Bah Tein's house.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: “The Eucharist is the center and source of the Catholic faith,” said the Apostolic Nuncio of India and Nepal, Most Rev. Leopoldo Girelli. at Lum Tyngkong, Laitumkhrah on Sunday afternoon who took part in the annual Eucharistic Procession.
You can also reach Mukroh by walking from Shillong, Ummulong, Wahiajer, Nartiang, Mynsngat, Ksehrynshang, Moobakhon, Nongmulieh, Namdong, Pdeiniadaw, Sanaro, Chebnai, Lapangngap, Borato and Mukoh.
On this occasion, some of these families who have been unable to go to work due to the implementation of the Curfew and Lockdown and all those who are working during the day, expressed their gratitude. They said that these donations have come at a time of urgent need and this donation has shaken the minds of the Dorbar Shnongs. They have been asked how to get food if they don't have the money to buy it and this initiative of the Dorbar Shnong has helped them a lot to get food in their homes.
On the other hand, HITO has said that regarding the incident of bomb gas, the poor female teachers and the children who came with their parents, have demanded that Bah Lahkmen Rymbui that he should suspend those two, who dared to fire tear gas and attack the teachers.
Fourthly, it requires us to be strong in faith and love (1 John 4:18).
Many times when a big meeting comes to a village, it is of great benefit to that village because it has a proper road, water supply and other facilities to improve the beauty of the village.
He said the government has tried its best to complete this task which has been pending for decades.
Because of this status quo, many people living on the border have been suffering for decades, said Prestone at a meeting at Mihmyntdu, West Jaintia Hills on Friday.
In the match between Mawlai SC and Maw-U-Tieng, both teams tried to score at the start of the match.
When asked why the Assam government wants to give less quota to Meghalaya where the Supreme Court had ruled last year that it should not reduce the quota, Hek said, “As usual, Any state that has a school will fight to get more share and this happens”.
This means that the CPC & CrPC will apply to the Village Courts, Raid Courts, Hima Courts and District Council Courts.
In the meeting, which lasted for more than 10 hours, the Congress MLAs asked many questions from the Fisheries Officers, but the answer they received from the Officers, was that the reason is not Dohkha cannot be sold in this market because there is too little production of Dohkha by the Dohkha farmers and when these Dohkha farmers produce Dohkha, they don't bring it to the market, but they end up selling it at the market. village in thaw.
In June this year, the state government has decided to increase the DA from 22% to 25%.
I'll talk to my brother first.
Shillong, Naitung 9: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that it has not yet been confirmed whether the four persons who have been admitted to hospital after being infected with Yum my are true or not. and they shall not eat of it.
Replying to the claim by Health Minister James PK Sangma that Government Ministers used to provide information to the public through the media, Gokhale said that the MDA Government's methods of disseminating information to the public. the truth has come to the end of the world.
Ranisha Syiemlieh, 23, died on Friday after her family members alleged that there was a negligence in the treatment of her.
The relevant land port in Bangladesh is at Tamabil, in Sylhet district.
One of the world’s most famous teachers says “do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
This meant that the Israelites would know that Jesus was indeed their Messiah and their King whom they had rejected for thousands of years.
He said that the MCA has now decided to promote the sport to the rural areas of Meghalaya like Sohra, Mawkyrwat, Mairang, Nongstoin and Garo Hills as there are talented players in the rural areas.
Before the conclusion of the meeting, a social reading was held by all those who attended the meeting under the leadership of Banaras Dhar, General Secretary, AJMW&LU, Khliehriat Block.
The incident occurred during the Zero Hour Session.
Speaking on the occasion, the Convener of the party and the new President, Samla Jason Lennox Nongrum, said that in fact there are many civil society organizations in the district. in the state, but the reason for the establishment of this organization is on the grounds that there are still many issues that as the youth of the district we have to work for the development of this organization. District.
“Bank employees have been at the scene to investigate along with a team of police.
Furthermore, one of Katdilia's sisters, who was discharged from hospital recently, has recovered and is being treated at Woodland Hospital.
Shillong, July 8: About 500 local taxi owners, said the ARPA's position is clear that they want to revise the two rules of the VAB. The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EPA) today held a meeting to discuss the government's response to the taxi owners why they don't operate vehicles in the country. 27th July, 2015 The HNLC has called for a curfew. After the meeting of the taxi owners, when the reporter inquired, the media said that they have decided to leave. One voice to the government and they will go to give the same answer, why they did not take to the streets on the 27th of July.
Pynshngain said the state government and the district council have not done anything to remove them except to submit a written notice to the central government to do so.
Alok Verma, Director of the CBI, has been re-appointed by the Supreme Court today, three months after he was transferred to the Indian government. he shall not sit on leave.
Attempts to contact Bah Malngiang could not be reached as his mobile phone was off.
Regarding the allegation that Balen Thubru has been expelled from AJCCTA, JHTOA, Balen said he has been involved for decades in the service of bringing benefits to the rights of truck owners in Jaintia Hills.
Due to the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in the district, Kong RM Kurbah, urged the people in the district not to be afraid, but to take action to protect themselves. by avoiding crowded places and also to wear facemasks when going outside and also to wash their hands regularly, to protect themselves from the COVID-19 pandemic.
After the release of Bernard Marak on bail, Meghalaya BJP President Ernest Mawrie said that Bernard Marak has been charged without any proof and all those actions are actions. who is the kingdom of heaven?
“I am very sorry that the letter sent by the Sengbhalang regarding the meeting was sent by a foreigner to me the owner of the land and I refused the information because according to the rules they should give it to me the owner of the land. " he said.
When asked by Ma Rishon Shylla, a resident of Mawdkhar village in Umtasor (Ri-Bhoi District) about 18 years ago (2000), “why do you want to grow those soh balancensha? (valencia) and soh khantara (sohñiamtra) which will take at least 6-7 years to germinate and until then you may not be able to eat them anymore because you are old?" Ma Shylla was asked this because it was seen that his age in those years was more than 70 years.
Police today seized the bike from Old Cherra Petrol Pump, Shillong at 3.45 pm and arrested a Manipuri named Erengbom Somand, 35, from Imphal West Hiangthang. , he escaped.
However, when we look at it so far, we see that the government's view regarding churches is that it will fall into the list of bars, restaurants, cinemas and when these are opened, perhaps they will be allow the opening of churches.
The boy went down to the pigsty, caught and killed the big pig.
Speaking on the occasion, Parag Dhar Konwar said that the CSP will provide assistance to the people especially in the rural areas like other banks and has a relationship with SBI from these service points. People can open bank accounts with 0zero balance and cannot deposit money.
Ms Swer has served in this field for 40 years and earlier received the Golden Beads Trainers Award for her leadership skills in the Indian Scouts and Guides for 25 years.
The footbridge collapsed on Tuesday 9th June at about 1:15 pm.
She said that every activity has its advantages and disadvantages, but on this casino it has been seen that the people have strongly opposed it so it is better to repeal this Act. by the government.
As part of its strong opposition to the petition, the ED, while talking about former 19th century legislator Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar, said that although Vidyasagar and Partha Chatterjee were born in Bengal, The former Minister has shown that he has improved in terms of education in the state while the Minister has shown that he has an intention to destroy it.
The meeting was attended by MDCs, MLAs and DMHOs. The Director of Health Services, Dr. AA War promised that the old PHC will be relocated within the month of November. but even after the union reminded again on the 6th of November, there were no signs of symptoms and the health department has ignored the demand of the 6 villages even at this time. “It's a good idea to fight against COVID-19,” said Bah Lawai.
On the smuggling of coal, Banerjee said it is an issue that continues today in the state, especially after the MDA government came to power.
Relatives, relatives, neighbors and others were present at the funeral.
Tynsong said that in relation to the religious ceremonies, the programs are known in advance how many people will come to participate and for this reason the government has ordered to ban the participation. for people.
Pastor Jithu K. Sangma, Shillong Churches Assemblies also delivered a closing speech.
“In this election, don't support with emotion but support with wisdom to the party which has 26 MLAs and which doesn't have the government in hand so that development works can flow in the constituency,” he added. .
Dr. Pariong himself expressed his support for the HSPDP at a meeting held today at Ladweitang, Nongstoiñ at 2 pm.
The AC comprises Professors from all departments within NEHU, representatives of teachers and students at NEHU, Heads of Departments, External Members from Principals and representatives of College Teachers.
He also encouraged the youth to use their talents properly as sports is one of the sources of income for the youth who have real talents, he added.
Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that what he wants the people to understand is the foundation on which he stands and if the people do not understand that there is no point in supporting him.
Speaking on this occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that it depends on the understanding and explanation of Bah Shylla but it is not so.
The union leaders also requested the MLA to take action to inform the government about their demand so that the sick can get it.
Namewanki Pakyntein scored 3/20 while Byforcestar Dhar scored 2/2
The Behdeinkhlam festival of Seinraij Kongwasan Chyrmang, which started on the 26th June with 'Chad Iung' all night until the morning of the 27th.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that this government department has saved many lives.
God does not look at the wisdom of man in his own understanding.
The Waheh Shnong of Ialong, T.Ram Phawa in his speech said that the bridge has been suspended since 2016 and after the appointment of the new Executive Committee under his leadership, the Waheh Shnong of Ialong has resumed the construction of the bridge. In 2021, the budget will be 65 lakh tyngka.
Shillong, Naitung : Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie today said that he will have to prepare a scheme for three villages in Mawlai, including Mawroh, Nongkohlew and Mawsiatkhnam for the construction of the roads and other facilities.
Dr. IBV Laloo, District Tuberculosis Officer, West Jaintia Hills District Jowai in her speech said that the Government has a target to eradicate TB by 2025 and this is through the cooperation of all especially. and those who are suffering from TB to come forward to the nearest health centers for treatment as the disease can be cured quickly.
Shillong: About 100 cows have died and more than 8,000 have been affected by lumpy skin disease (LSD) in Meghalaya.
Both of them work together with stories.
“The nomination of my party ticket is a blessing from behind that I will win with dignity in this MDC election,” he said.
Shillong Lajong has opened the door for me to take part even though I didn't expect it.
Don't knieh kynthet with a stick from the hands of the police so that you don't get a bomb, or you get a bomb.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, FKJGP President Welbirth Rani said that they have received information about the government's call for talks and they have decided to go and talk to the issue. Comprehensive Mechanism.
Pommura, Jymmang 17: The Dorbar Shnong of Pommura, Khyrim Syiemship, East Khasi Hills District has strongly opposed the construction of a wine store by Bah Ernest Mawrie in Pommura village at Umnong 12 mer on the border. and Mawryngkneng village after his former wine store was closed down by the Excise Department under the new Excise Act of the state government.
Travis never thought he would witness such a thing because many people know him and the songs he sings.
In the sub junior boys (45 kg), Eastern West Khasi Hills won the gold medal after defeating West Khasi Hills.
Silchar-SC: Shri Anwar Hussain 9.
The Sordar said that the inability to complete the signboard has caused a lot of problems as thieves from Bangladesh can enter and leave easily. He said that the government has also promised that when the signboard is erected. shiah will open the gate for the entry and exit of the farmers who go to cultivate their own land.
In the last 40 years, India has grown rapidly and has gained the reputation as one of the fastest growing economies among the developing countries.
When asked about the terms and conditions of the talks, Bah Manbhalang declined to comment, “The time will come when we will inform because the formal talks will start in July. The ILP, the infiltration of foreigners, the Khasi language, the protection of our fellow citizens living in the border areas, the Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement are some of the issues that we need to address. we'll put," he said.
The Bible teaches about abundant life—in the Gospel of John 10:9-10 Jesus speaks of abundant life and says, “...whoever enters through me will be saved; they will go in and out and find a place to eat grass".
Speaking to media, Bah BB Makdoh Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District said that as Rangbah Shnongs in charge of village affairs, they are facing difficulties in implementing the 100 days bill scheme. MNREGA because they have not received any quarrying since the government banned it because all the quarrying and quarrying works are essential.
They also demanded that the Assam government should set up its own testing center on the border between Assam and Meghalaya, so that those who enter Meghalaya do not have to pay money and be tested at the testing centres. in Meghalaya, which is the most popular.
They urged the government to send experts in the field of agriculture to explain to the farmers how to plant and how to prevent the spread of the disease. agricultural products so that agriculture can grow.
He said the state government has also received T103.8 crore from other sources such as the National Health Mission T43.4 crore, the State Disaster Response Fund T.23.7 ​​crore, the Prime Minister's Citizen Assistance and Relief in Emergency Fund T. 3.5 crore, Chief Minister Relief Fund T.7.4 crore District Mineral Foundation Fund T.8.9 crore, Meghalaya Building and Construction other worker Welfare Department 12.5 crore, North Eastern Council T.3 crore, Member of Parliament L Local Area Development Scheme T 1 crore .
Therefore, KHNAM urges all members of the party to attend the General Council on that day.
Shillong: U MLA from Mawsynram Constituency, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to remind him regarding the demand of the people of Mawsynram. Civil Sub Division within the East Khasi Hills District.
Meanwhile, Israeli Defense Minister Yoav Gallant said the Israeli army was working harder and harder with each passing day and its goal was to destroy Hamas militants. , in which their hideouts, offices, will be destroyed to kill their leaders and media and a heavy bombing will go to the crematoria, where they store their weapons and flee. secretly, these are Hamas leaders.
These supporters also said that this rangbah has done a lot of work and he has put signs in every village and township which has also made these people remember him. He has thanked the government for his contribution and now it is his turn to carry the responsibility of the constituency.
The SEPP program also includes taking 12 SEPP players and several coaches to Australia to take part in tournaments in their country. to challenge and allow them to experience the conditions of international games.
Shillong, July 21: There will be a fierce contest between Samla Rangbah, Bah Generous Paslein against Bah Emlang Laloo, Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar and Bah Dawan Lyngdoh from the 1st Nartiang Assembly Constituency. will be released on June 27,
Speakers who are well aware of the situation of the people of the area, said that most of the people living in the area are farmers, therefore the foundation stone for the construction of the The market will be of great benefit to the farmers, who will be able to sell their products at the Iew Tynrai.
Members of the Self Help Group (SHG) performed traditional Khasi dances, songs and short dramas.
The Union through its President, A Lipon and Secretary, T. Phawa, on Tuesday sent a petition to the Chairman of the Committee of Political Parties to discuss the Reservation Roster and Reservation. Policy, Dr Ampareen M Lyngdoh, to review the Reservation Policy of 1972 to approve the reservation of Jaintia not less than 20 percent, as the Khasi and Jaintia are fighting for the reservation. If the share is 80 percent for the three ethnic groups, it would be better for the Jaintia to get 20 percent.
We also hope that the ECI will take strong action against all candidates, political parties and election leaders who violate the rules.
The management of the funds is to be released by the DMR of the Government of Meghalaya and for this purpose, the approval has been notified to the Government which has authorized the DMR to open a current bank account. for the MEPRF under the supervision of the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya.
During the programme, those from CII Project Kaksha, gathered the children and divided them into groups and groups of children showed their drawing skills. The children will draw pictures and said that by drawing pictures it will help to improve the thinking of the children.
The leaders of the ethnic parties should forget about their pride and arrogance, and sit together in one household to discuss the need to unite all the ethnic parties so that the people can escape from conflict. and it shall reduce the strength of the organization.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, Chairman of the PP of the VPP, said that the party has received many requests from the people to bring it to the Assembly. Two MLAs of the party will not be able to speak due to the short duration of the session.
“But I didn't criticize anything and I just said what was in my opinion and others who spoke about the development projects,” he said.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 92991 and out of these 90678 have recovered and 1562 have died.
Of course I understand that it is a great day for all believers in the world, but these information that it is a great day for believers does not touch my soul at all and I have tried to find out. and that I may bring to you now this brief message according to my little knowledge.
The holding of Cabinet meetings from one place to another, we don't know whether it makes sense or not, if no one discusses the issues, which are in the interest of the people. In this area or in another sense, it is that if you go to a football match and talk about cricket, that doesn't make sense.
School and college offices will work three times a week, with 30 percent of the staff.
On Saturday before the ceremony, the children of Seiñraij Jowai (Niamtre) came out in a group with the sound of bombs, tangmuri and risa with a happy heart. religion of the kingdom of Jowai.
MPUF Leader Michal Chyrmang said, “These coal mining companies cannot benefit the council or the government, but they will damage the environment and the water supply.
Jalyiah UTD beat Ladrymbai Dongwah SC 4-1 on penalties after the end of the first half in the quarter final. 1 col.
All the residents of the village are requested to come out in order as well as the shops within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong Qualapatty to close on this day to take part in the cleanliness from the scheduled time. , and no vehicles from outside the village will be allowed to enter the village on that day until the cleanliness is completed.
The Delhi government has planned to set up a lab to monitor waste generation in each district of the city, Finance Minister Kailash Gahlot said today. Wednesday.
Three players scored runs but only Leeny Raika scored 15 runs.
So far, Assam police have arrested three Hizb-ul-Mujahideen (HuM) members who are active in the state.
“The supply of drinking water has been affected due to the dryness of the wells, but on the part of the department and my officers, we are doing our best to see what can be done and soon I will call meeting to discuss and look into this,” said the Minister.
The appointment of teachers is also unfair.
Many of the parents of the children from the city and rural areas said that they were shocked and shocked when they learned that the bomb had exploded in Laitumkhrah because their children went to school and classes there. The police received a reply from the reporter that it was a mistake.
It is to be recalled that this incident happened on 30th June 2021 in which five miners were buried alive in the coal mine.
Police have arrested Balarian Lyngdoh Nonglait, 30, Kampher Syiemlieh, 24, and Pelelinta Marwein,
Furthermore, he said that until today, there are three leaders of the state who have accused Bah EK Mawlong of being a land seller and an auctioneer of the land. Meghalaya House and until now the people who love Bah EK Mawlong don't want to look at the faces of these prominent people. “We are looking for the truth that has increased the value of the leadership of Bah EK Mawlong, who is indeed a leader of the people and not as accused,” he said.
The Darrang Unit was chaired by Jespernem Suchen, vice president Amos Diengdoh, secretary Batista Ringksai, assistant secretary Gioancel Kongwang, treasurer Trek Suting, adviser Moonlight Lamin and 10 executive members.
The court expressed its regret that the state government has not done anything to control the traffic of overloaded vehicles.
Referring to the PRIME Hub, Conrad Sangma said it has become a central hub for the needs of economic development and will also be one of the hubs for training in the country. different activities.
Isaiah 46:9–11.
The Seng Khasi therefore, through this statement, strongly condemns such scientific acts and urges the perpetrator to immediately remove all the images belonging to the Seng Khasi, which have been used. Hainess Marbaniang, General Secretary, Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar, Shillong, said that such misuse should not happen again in the future.
Shillong, July 7: The newly appointed Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem, has been working hard in these days to clean up the burial grounds of various Christian churches in the Syiem's ​​Law.
The JAC has held another meeting and decided to prepare for the second phase of the protest which will be announced in the coming days. but before this; The JAC will inform all the deficit teachers within 24 hours to prepare themselves before taking part in this strike.
To open Higher Secondary Schools in all areas where there are many schools and students and especially to open the subjects of Science and Commerce.
BJP President in Bihar Sanjay Jaiswal, his wife and mother have tested positive for covid-1
The Director of Tourism, Bah Lyngdoh, said that the area and Kudeng village in War Jaintia Hills have many beautiful places, which can attract tourists from all over the world. There are bridges, valleys, fish sanctuaries, tracking spots and others, so this road and bridges The road will make it easier for tourists to visit this place and more importantly, through this road, it will bring many benefits to the residents to improve their income. and their inheritance shall be theirs.
Three months ago in October, 2015, a two and a half month old girl died after receiving an injection at the Community Health Centre, Sohra.
The tournament will end on the 12th of this month.
If the people don't surprise the people on 27-02-2023, the day of empowerment of the people, they will not be accused and guilty later on because of their own actions.
When shall I sleep?
Leaders of the Synjuk from the Seng Kmie will attend this public meeting to explain the need to have Dorbar Kurs in the Kurs.
(He is the Minister of State for Culture, Tourism and Development of the Northeastern Region).
As part of the accusation against the Rajasthan government of being a strong corruption government, BJP election analyst Pralhad Joshi has confirmed that the New corruption and crimes have emerged within the Congress party led by Ashok Gehlot.
Ratan Dkhar said that two other persons from Assam, Altaf Hussain, 32, of Badarpur village, are still missing. , Karimganj Assam and Shahin Rahman, 32, of Lathimara village, Katogorah, Assam.
Nongpathaw Sec. School scored the first goal in the first half through Pynhun Shulet and in the second half, Top 11 scored the first goal. to be translated through Ferisha Fancon.
Speaking to the media at the ceremony, Sawakani Lakiang expressed her gratitude to the JBB&FA and MBB&FA for guiding her to reach this goal. with the support of family members.
Dr Debayan Dhar said that the department has partnered with various manufacturing factories and these factories started during the Great War so that he could sell their products in the market.
You cannot compare the coal mining in Meghalaya with the coal mining in Orrissa or Bengal.
The Speaker said that the panchayati raj groups and District Councils should discuss development issues by holding the viewpoint for inclusive development, working together and inclusive of all and that they should solve people’s problems.
Nongpoh, July 13: The Coconut Development Board, in collaboration with the Rural Development Department of USTM, today held a District Level Workshop. Hundreds of farmers from Killing area also attended the training.
Even the Puriskam Purinam on those wonderful Ïawbei like Pahsyntiew – Lidohkha show that those Jait Khong Longsyiem have not done anything wrong, because they have been given that authority over them by the powers. pastry.
The family members of the deceased had lodged a complaint at Mawlasnai Police Outpost, but the Assam police had decided to take the body to Assam for post mortem.
The closing date for submission of applications is 29th March
“I have done only a small part in the missionary work to preach the good news of God,” replied the Missionary.
One of the most dangerous drug and alcohol dealers, Aditya Rana, who has been threatened with a fine of T.2.5 lakh on his head if he provides information or helps to arrest him, has been arrested. A man has been shot dead in a clash with police in Bijnor, Uttar Pradesh, early this morning.
“Even an inch of land should not be lost and given to Meghalaya, the border crosser,” said the KAAC chief while talking to reporters at Kurelia Bridge.
Now that the new Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, has been appointed, he has the desire to resolve the border issue not only with Meghalaya, but also with Nagaland, Mizoram and elsewhere. The Government of India, perhaps, brings hope and a new appearance.
According to information from other MDCs, since they were elected MDCs, they have been paying their salaries twice, which means two months, and it will be three months and now once again.
The delegation was led by Shining Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Development and Employment Cells of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle in the presence of other members of the KSU.
“In Block-I, there are 3 Elaka including Shilliang Myntang, Raliang and one disappeared Elaka, Labang Nongphyllut. “It's just to give him a license to make it easier for the residents to register their land,” he said.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the Society Bah RL Thabah, in the presence of Principal H Marwein, Pastor B Syiem, recipients of the donation, and others.
Rule 3 (section) 3 says that we shall not commit such fraud in providing such assistance, and they also said in their publication, that if they come to power they will implement it.
At the same time, he also distributed electrical equipment to 20 beneficiaries at Donbosco Technical School, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
Students of the State who are studying medicine at the Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (RIMS) in Manipur can continue their studies at NEIGRIHMS or Guwahati.
“I have directed the Superintendent of Police to investigate as soon as possible so that we can understand what next step we will take,” he said.
These species sleep during the day and eat at night and are also animals that fly like lymbit.
He said that the march and statement of the Rangbah Shnongs in the past has not silenced the government officials and it is for this reason that they have decided to hold a large march.
The DSEL today released the DA arrear of 2% to all the DSEOs to distribute to the deficit schools in the state.
Shillong: The number of cases of Covid-19 in the state has increased every day and there has never been a single day to decrease. There are 634 new cases of Covid-19 in the country, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. about 237 people.
The village officials of Mawsiangbah, said that the search for the man has been going on for three days but until Sunday he has not been found.
The SP of West Khasi Hills, S.Nongtnger, while talking to reporters, said that the two GNLA supporters were arrested by the Shallang Police on Tuesday. The incident occurred in Shallang, West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, November 03: Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang, MLA of Mawsynram Constituency, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, MDC of Laitumkhrah-Malki Constituency, Fantin Joseph Lakadong, MDC of Laitumkhrah-Malki Constituency, on Tuesday. On Saturday, they visited the Adhoc School teachers who are staying at the Parking Lot, opposite the Addl.Secretariat, Shillong.
I don't give anything, but if you ask for the picture, it costs, as he offered all Indians, to give T.15 lakh,” said Mitra, holding a kettle in his hand.
The incident happened last night when the family had brought two Mahindra trees inside their house. They wrote from a private forest in the area, but after they had dropped it in their own field, these people came from who claimed to be from the Forest Department and at the They demanded that the family should pay T.4,000, which is a fine for these trees.
In the first leg, Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah beat Nonglatem 3-1, in the second leg, Madankynsaw Mookyndeng beat Mawsiang FC 3-1, while Mookyrdup beat Mawsiang FC 3-1 They won 3-2 against Pasyih Cultural Sports Club.
In another development, the JSU/JYF/HNPF wishes a happy Behdeinkhlam to all the children of the Jowai, Tuber, Muthlong, Ialong and the Jaintia Hills. Raij Mukhla, which is the annual festival of various Raijs in Jaintia Hills.
Dr Mukul Sangma in his speech said that the TMC in the state has increased with the participation of leading leaders. It is difficult to develop the state including development projects and to bring about change from leaders like Prof.RC Laloo.
At the time of the fire, the owners of the house were sleeping lyngai and were shocked until the fire broke out and they immediately left the house to escape injury.
John said that the party does not want to pass the law.
Lyngdoh said a vehicle has been arranged at the office for the BJP leaders from Shillong to leave for Sohra tomorrow.
She, who is also one of the prominent public servants in the community, said that after the public witnessed the opening of the two block offices by the government, Ri Muliang C&RD Block in Langpih and Rambrai Block are expected to benefit the people.
They also help to rehabilitate those waste / barren lands.
EM, the time is still left to go to the grave, before this disease destroys the nation.
“It is worth mentioning that Bah Ardent has made it clear that he will not cancel the reservation policy until the government has reviewed the Reservation Policy.
“There is no change in not giving tickets to the MLAs we have because the party has to think carefully from all sides and we are not a political party that just takes tickets. any decision without proper consideration".
Langsning is currently in second place.
Sargar won in the weight category of 113kg but failed to finish in the weight category of 135kg in the clean and jerk.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that according to the discussion between the Chief Minister and the Minister of Education of the Union Government, it is clear that the students who intend to study in those colleges do not Encouraging the students to write the CUET examination, the Minister said, “The The purpose of CUET is not only to attend classes in Meghalaya but also to attend classes in all universities or states that implement the Entrance Test.
At present, this social boundary settlement is awaiting the approval of the Parliament.
We try, but sympathy without helping those who suffer does not help.
