In fact, the Syiem of Mylliem had scheduled to visit Patgang on the 22nd of this month but he sent only the ministers.
The last slap because of that, it didn't last long.
The Dorbar Shnong together with the Tympang Club have also stipulated as follows: All expenses for this Common Platform shall be borne from the Fund of the Shnong and the Club.
The victims alleged that the ration distributor had deprived them of foodgrains in collaboration with the Sordar of Wahkhen and the village officials.
The motorcycle bearing the number plate KA 03 EA 1793 while the truck parked at Mawkriah bearing the number plate ML 05G
It is not good for us to worship these gods,” he said.
The impact of this result can be said to be due to the closure of schools due to the spread of the disease in Meghalaya and the world as a whole.
VPP MLA from Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, said that the Governor has not said anything on the issue of including the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
This means that he can stay permanently and even move here.
The two friends and their children are from nearby Goilaghat village but have come to live in Kurikhal as workers in the house of Panora Khar-Ryja.
Besides the president, two other leaders including Vice President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh and Assistant General Secretary Isaac Basaiawmoit will appear before the IO in the coming days.
This comes a day after one of the small farmers sent a letter to him via email and to one of the Khasi newspapers that she received the letter of demand. Synshar Khymdeit, who claims to be the collector of the HNLC for East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
Laitkor Cricket Club is one of the teams participating in the Shillong Cricket League tournament which is currently underway at Urkaliar Stadium.
The four affected Himas include Nongspung, Mylliem, Jirang, Jyrngam and Nonglang.
Besides, the father of the child is no longer there, and now the mother has passed away, it is a very sad incident.
After this, an investigation was conducted and other necessary measures were taken.
? If you don't trust this government, you still have hope but if you lose now, MDC 2024 has left Prah and also in 2028 as he has driven a bus now in 2023 he will have to leave. Then the bus stopped.
The road connecting Umjari to Umtrai to Umsiang on the border with Assam has been repaired by the drivers and the MDC.
The driver's wife said that she last spoke to him at about 7 pm.
Symper Rangers, who won the toss, elected to bat first and Laitlum Hitters, who tied first, scored 99 runs for the loss of five wickets in 20 overs.
It is unthinkable that the Father would cut off the flesh and blood of His own children who are still children of God and take away their lives.
In the women's individual recurve, Somya Negi of Lovely Professional University Punjab won the gold medal, Hemchandracharya North University Gujarat won the silver medal and Sabitri Kumari of Ranchi University Jharkhand won the silver medal. you have called Rnong.
The two organizations also discussed the issues related to the harassment of the people in North East and South India under various Central Government laws such as the forced use of Hindi and the illegal immigration in other ethnic groups in Meghalaya or Tamil Nadu, the statement said.
Sabuda is one of the villages in Block II. When inquired by DC Ribhoi, Arpit Upadhyaya, he said that he has not received any complaint in writing or orally, but he has not received any complaint. He will also talk to the DC of West Karbi Anglong if there is such an incident.
On 5th April 2017, the Ministry of Transport & Highways, Government of India, approved the Declaration Nongstoiñ-Maweit-Nongjri (Length-75.00 Kms as New National Highways in the state of Meghalaya).
Speaking to media, Bah Kharkhrang said, “As the BJP party, we are fortunate to have an MP from India who has come to Meghalaya who can connect with the people of the state especially in the rural areas. Because he saw that Kongthong is one of the villages known as “Whistling Village” he wanted the world to know or know its name, and he did that.
The RBYO led by Bah Baiateilang Lapang, President of the RBYO, said that they have received many complaints from the public and especially those households. including those who do not have Adhaar Card, where they have been threatened that they will no longer be eligible to receive Ration because they do not have Adhaar Card.
There are places where the people are eager to get good training centers or schools to come to the village but when such schools arrive there are others who oppose them. There are other places which are very eager to get good roads but when such a road comes there are those who oppose or refuse to give the land.
At the same time, I would like to request all the staff of Bethany Hospital not to be offended by this statement, because as human beings they have their own shortcomings or shortcomings in understanding.
Ladthadlaboh are leading Group B with 10 points but Rangdajied United can retake the top spot only if they beat Rymbai Iawpynsing in the next match. Pale.
The State Government has passed a law to punish those who continue to traffic and use drugs in the State. The State Government has approved the Advisory Board to implement the Prevention of Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (PIT-NDPS) Act 1988.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has written to the Director of Arts and Culture (KSU) to express its dissatisfaction with the Shillong Sreet Arts Festival (SSAF). Mithun Chakraborty and others.
The infected persons are from the hostels of the university.
The president was a footballer who won the FIFA Player of the Tournament award in 1995 before entering politics.
The MPCC is also in doubt about the resignation of Vincent ahead of the 2013 MLA elections. but this too did not succeed, as he was not appointed as an employee of the Congress party.
? He listened for a moment.“Yes, yes.
The total number of confirmed cases has risen to 1,666 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
They have begun to destroy the foundations of democracy in Meghalaya from now on.
Shillong, Naitung 04 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday announced that the members of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya will soon be able to speak in Khasi and Garo in the Legislative Assembly. .
The elders say that in the past, the hulengs used to ryngkang from one side to the other through these hills.
In the raid conducted last November, the staff of the department registered nine cases and seized 35,300 liters of pyrsi and 6,390 liters of phareng.
Speaking to reporters, OL Terang, President of AMKA, said that the main reason why the leaders of AMKA have made this intention public is to bring unity among the Karbi Anglong and Khasi Hills, because as it is now, there are many Karbi people living in Meghalaya as well as the Khasi living in Karbi Anglong.
Lk.24:39- While the disciples were sitting in a locked room in fear, Jesus came and stood among them.
Many lives have been lost on the road connecting these villages.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has sent its condolences to the families of four people who lost their lives in the earthquake in Edward Nongsiej from Lumpyngngad Unit.
From 17th, 19th, 22nd, 23rd, 24th, 25th, 26th, 28th and 29th of July, Dawki BOP troops have seized 251 cows. On the 17th, 19th, 22nd, 24th and 25th, Muktapur BOP troops seized 146 cows.
In the past five years, the MDA 1.0 government has been able to implement new roads.
The State player had to leave the field in the 40th minute against Mumbai and after undergoing treatment, the club authorities confirmed that the injury could be life-threatening. stay longer.
In this tournament, Mizoram played against Meghalaya in the group stage in Nadid, Gujarat last month but Meghalaya lost. They won by three wickets.
However, to look forward to what the party can do for the people.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Narbong, Bah Rongmen Ronghang, said that in fact, the village authority has no objection to the entry of foreigners into the river. This year alone, since July until today, 13 people have lost their lives because they didn't think about it. I don't want to go to the Umtrew River.
In the past few days, an office bearer of a political party has alleged that Bah Ardent M.Basaiawmoit, through the VPP, has taken to the streets to demand a change in the Reservation Policy just to deceive or mislead. wrong to the people.
He said that due to the pandemic, the youth do not need jobs and many of them have returned to the State and thus, they will not get jobs.
Vikas Dubey was arrested in Ujjain at the same time as one of his closest disciples, Aman Dubey, was shot dead yesterday.
AIM in a statement also expressed the statement of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government, Mansukh L. Mandaviya in which he said that “The vaccination of children aged 12 years to 17 years should not happen again at any time without being informed by expert scientists and there should be no urgent order on this matter”.
On the letter submitted by the Wyrcha Village Organization, he promised to provide assistance and urged the men to set up societies to start income generating activities.
In the Arts Stream, there are 10,456 boys and 15,444 girls.
According to a statement sent by the KSU Narpuh Circle, “We strongly condemn the government for treating these villages unfairly. now.
Speaking at the symposium, “There is a need to pass a law to protect people who request information through RTI, because people in power don't want to release and want to stay in power. the authority by any means to intimidate and harass those who seek information through RTI as it may affect their wrongdoing”.
If you take money from other countries or from the World Bank, doesn't the state have enough money because it is necessary to see how much money is still available in all aspects”.
During that tour, the team also suffered a 1-3 defeat to the Netherlands in their last three matches.
The party will monitor who is involved, who has benefited, who has robbed from the streets and the party will take action against them.
He is also the Area Commander of Nangalbibra, the largest coal mining area in Garo Hills.
In fact, Niakha thought of going to the shop after returning from Thanat; but because of that letter, she had to go back to Jaiaw shyiap to Rida's house.
There will be the shock of many people of all different church groups.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court has ordered the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Adelbert Nongrum to appear in person on Monday. for speaking against the decision of the Court.
"It's all right," said Miss. "When did you start?" “I don't know Miss,” he replied with a smile.
Matthew 24:4-7.
It is difficult for the government to provide employment opportunities as the growth of the educated population has increased with the passing of the days and times.
Larsing Khyriem has expressed his opposition to this decision by issuing a note of dissent to the Assam Government despite receiving complaints from the indigenous people of the area. Block I and Block II and the complaint of Larsing Khyriem MLA was not heard and in 1951, it issued an order accepting the recommendation of the Commission according to Notification No.TAD/ R/31/50/148 dated 13 April 1951 to remove Block I and Block II from the United Khasi Hills.
The gym will be 35 meters long and 15 meters wide, so that the athletes can train and train even during the rainy season.
The BSF said that the smugglers from these villages and surrounding areas have close ties with the smugglers from Bangladesh and they also monitor the movements of the troops to get them. opportunity to import and export smuggled goods between the two countries.
Shillong: There have been 101 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
She goes outside.
Hashimi said Elefery and Baghdadi were never far from each other and were always together, and he could not confirm whether the leader was with his disciple at the meeting. period.
Shillong: In the final match of the U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament, the Shillong Cricket Association will face the Ri Bhoi District Cricket Association FC at Umbuda Ground, Nongpoh today.
Nongpoh: The Rural Social Economic and Life Development Committee (RSE&LDC) today visited the Umroi District of Mawbuh Ri Bhoi Presbytery. Seeds are planted in the Umroi River at Umroi Madan.
Army spokesman Brig Gen Mohammed Samir said that the fighting between the army and the militants continues at the time of writing.
Speaking to media, the Vice Chancellor of NEHU on 19th November 2023, said that NEHU has held a meeting with the Vice Chancellors, the implementation of NEP 2020 and the principals of various colleges. NEHU to discuss issues and concerns regarding the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP-2020).
So for now I don't restrict your personal free will to love anyone but I will just put this phrase in front of you, not only for women but also for us men is: If you love to the NATION, avoid the clean SHONGKHA.
Before the meeting, the President of the party inaugurated the new office of the party at Upper New Nongstoiñ.
The FKJGP feels that if those 60 leaders who have been empowered by the people to pass laws in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, they are willing to threaten even the Legislative Assembly just for the sake of money. the future of the state as a whole.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Meghalaya men's U-23 men's tournament Col CK Nayudu today played a spectacular match at the MCA Ground. Trophy plate group semifinal against Mizoram.
There are about 50 shops in this market but now there are only about 5 shops since the collapse of the society which runs the market.
So far, Shylla said, the KHADC has prepared the Khasi Clan Bill which has been translated into Khasi for the purpose of speaking at the meeting.
To avoid such incidents, the District Council should have appointed Commissions to investigate into these customs across the country without changing them but let them remain as they are and implement. and they shall be written in writing.
For those coming from East Jaintia Hills, they will enter the road from Phramer, Shangpung, Raliang to Barato.
He said the government should introduce a new education policy to teach the youth from the time they are studying to stand on their own feet.
According to police, the driver of the truck, Samsuddin, has been arrested.
Shillong: The FKJGP-East Jaintia Hills District today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki, regarding the illegal issuance of Aadhar cards by foreigners in the district without proper documents. Thangskai village where several foreigners have already obtained Aadhar cards in the village by providing shirt residence permits. too.
We must strengthen the nation through society which means that we must start from the homes, the villages.
Bah Pynïaid said that they came to surrender themselves before the authorities of KHADC with a request to the CEM to issue the Trading License and they also handed over a letter to renew the Trading License. your License.
It is understood that the man is mentally retarded.
At the same time, the government should listen and resolve the issues that the residents come to complain about without prejudice as it is the duty of the government to work fairly as mandated by the Constitution.
The same meeting will be held again, said the MLA of Jowai to take stock and meet the needs of the residents.
Juventus beat Manchester United 1-0 in the Champions League on Saturday.
Sylvester Kurbah, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Phudmuri, has passed away this afternoon.
Speaking on the occasion, some of the Rangbah Shnong said that the Shad Rongkusi from time to time is very important as part of the preservation of the culture. by explaining the meaning of this Shad Rongkusi which means the festival of men and women in ancient times.
Shillong, Nailur, 18: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the state government will not allow students who want to study medicine to be charged high fees when they want to complete their medical studies. education in your own state.
They don't believe in evil and wickedness.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Ambassador of Japan to India Kenji Hiramatsu, Minister of Defense James PK Sangma, Minister of Tourism Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare. AL Hek, Minister of Education Lahkmen Rymbui, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Timothy D Shira and other senior officials of the state government.
We know what to do when something like this happens".
"Furthermore, the date set for July 18, 1973, line 7.2 already includes public works, where the government has assisted educational institutions and contractors in the SRP. “Therefore, we don't see any problem in including the private sector and other organized sectors in the SRP,” said the president of KHNAM. the proposal to the SRP, 1972 and the Office Memorandum issued from time to time in accordance with the letter dated 31st June
“We have seen that these accidents also lead to deaths especially for 2 wheelers,” he said.
Ladakh Governor RK Mathur has arrived in Delhi to discuss the issue at the office of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. today.
The JSM leaders have tried to meet with Bah Thombor Shiwat, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC to present him with a new Lama. The CEM has refused to meet with them.
However, when both these departments of the state government send their names to the Government of India and it is the Government of India that selects only two candidates, that is, his name and another to lead India to at the Cannes Film Festival.
Children love to listen to stories.
He said that at the time when the robbers tried to attack him at the residence in Baridua, the family members of the Rangbah Shnong had called for help. They urged the people to come and shoot and turn away these robbers.
In the Men's Elite XCO Relay, Kevin John Khyllait and Alvindarison Wanniang won bronze medals.
To grow further I had to leave my home country as well.
JSM Western Region President Samla Ribok Biam said that if the government does not listen to this demand on the third day, they will continue their strike from tomorrow Friday onwards. Jimmy Raul Kharmuti Working President JSM-CB said that this problem has affected the livelihood of the residents of Khanduli. The CEM of JHADC has urged the Assam Police to provide security and evacuation of the Tax Gate.
Shillong, Nailur 23: A police Gypsy has been set on fire by the people at Mookhep village, near Bapung village, East Jaintia Hills District this morning.
At the same time, it urged the Government of Meghalaya to resolve this issue immediately, otherwise the two parties will have to come forward to protect their own border.
Brightstarwell said the woman who was injured has only one son.
Meghalaya managed to add another 108 runs to complete their first innings tied with 304 runs before being bowled out, giving the team a lead of 232 runs.
Speaking to reporters, Hindro Samakha said that the reason why these organizations were not allowed to hold the meeting was because they did not inform them before they held the meeting. He said that a few years ago there was a meeting of the Border Forum which is a group of them held a meeting at Langpih, but on the part of the Acting Syiem of Nongmynsaw Hima. He lodged a complaint against the members of the Border Forum which has also resulted in the members of the Forum being summoned to appear in the District Court for more than a year.
It is to be recalled that this month, 22 school children have lost their lives after eating lunch at a government school in Bihar. Dahrmasati Gandawan village in Marhrakh Block, about 25 kilometers from Chhapra and 60 kilometers from Patna. Your food is for you.
So far, four persons have been arrested in connection with the incident.
Many of the villages in West Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi, which used to be close to Meghalaya, have moved to Assam.
To strengthen the supply and replenishment of textbooks in the information distribution department, through the list of textbooks, which are based on the modern information dissemination.
This road is used by many vehicles heading to Jowai, Nongthymmai, Madanryting and tourists to Lum Shyllong. Private individuals, who pass through this road, which connects with Pomlakrai road.
The drivers of commercial vehicles have been waiting for several hours in the ground to meet with the Deputy Commissioner to demand the money they have been waiting for and to ask for clarification from the DC on the delay in payment.
It was at 4 pm that the Nongpoh Police Station arrived at the scene and saw two men and the 16-year-old boy standing on the side of the road. Md. Samsudeen Ali of Nagaon, Assam, was arrested, but his friend, who was present at the time, escaped from the hands of the police.
After learning that the eye disease had started to spread, to prevent the spread of the disease, he sent for all his children to wear the same ksai byrni and himself to wear the same ksai byrni.
May prayers remain with those who suffer such a tragedy, and may God in His grace save and heal those whom He has chosen to live and serve Him.
According to these employees, there are 9 nurses working in the ward who have tested positive for Covid 19 and other assistants, and their protest is to demand a separate place for quarantine for Those who work inside the Covid ward, because although they have been dressed in PPE, it cannot be confirmed how much the PPE can protect.
He also banned the public from walking on the bridge and this order will come into force immediately.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone said that from 25th July 2020 to 22nd June 2021, 540 pigs have been affected by the disease; These include 69 cases in East Khasi Hills, 59 cases in West Khasi Hills, 11 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 96 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 7 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 298 cases in Ribhoi.
The woman, who is not very strong, said that she is facing difficulties in providing for her family and especially for her four children, who go to school after the father of the household who looks after and fulfilled he died.
The closure of the Ri Kanaan Hotel by the leaders of these organizations was after Dr C.Vargese, the owner and Principal of Christ International School in Nongsder, did not attend the ceremony. He said that when these leaders of the party went to meet him to find out the truth about the allegation that he raped a Khasi woman, who worked as a teacher. Officiating inside the school where he is the Principal.
The EJNC said the passing away of Simon Mannar is a great loss not only to his family, but to the EJNC as a whole.
Also present on the occasion were Bah PN Syiem, CEM, KHADC, Doloi of Jowai, Ma KC Rymbai, as the Chief Guest and Symbud Chief Guest.
With these words of jali ja-um of these Dkhar India, it led the Khasi chiefs who had never had any evil thoughts or insults to others to sign this agreement on the 16th of November the idea that it will be considered further in the future.
Examples of this may include the words date, enemy, pudina, salad, bhindi, tin, pin, cupboard, shamoit, pela, peris, khulom, book, sia, ben, medicine, bottle, box, cigarette, box. , create, brut, plaque, draw, carve, tupia, sing, spell, clay, dot, kudam, lynten, kettle, school, government, taxi, football and so on.
Process was accompanied by CEO of Shillong Municipal Board BS Sohliya, B Lato, Joint Director Urban Affairs, FB Chyne, EE SMB and others.
“The government's decision to ban the project has affected the work we have been doing for decades,” he said.
He said that the lack of boundary in the system has also affected the 100 days bill scheme or MNREGA. He said that there are 1600 voters in the village under the jurisdiction of these. 11 Sordar, “We don't understand why the Sordars are like tits,” he said.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 84,444 and 301 are still infected.
Through this initiative, the government will support music festivals across the state so that musicians can get the opportunity to showcase their talents.
:The Wushu competition at the fourth Meghalaya Games came to an end on Friday.
Whether it is a collision with another vehicle or a vehicle turning into a hill, a river and so on.
Have these organizations seen that you don't have a license?
He said, “Looking at all these things and the fact that this has happened for the first time, things will take longer than we wish, but once we have the system, the policies on how and when this is achieved in relation to this state and what adjustments need to be made based on the various circumstances, I am sure that in the last few months and years the to come, this process will be more streamlined.
A monthly holiday of more than 2 months is a blessing to parents.
The students' demand came after it was alleged that the NEHU Internal Complaint Committee (ICC) has not done anything to hire the teacher who was raped.
Therefore, the call to us is not only to pray together, but to fight, to fight and to work together with our neighbours, our households and God will work with us to get rid of this disease. a new world - a peaceful and healthy world ; a world of peace, a world of love, respect and mutual respect for each other and a society that is impartial and impartial and equal before God. man.
“What a sin like this has happened in my life.
Mansturdy said that a letter was sent to the CEM to convene a PDF meeting to discuss the issue but he did not convene it. “We have brought up the issue of the scheme, we have not prepared anything for that issue,” he said.
On that occasion, u Bah Thongni explained that the government's collection and accounting of the money that the contractors should receive, is for the purpose of paying to the large companies which build water pipes from part to be filled throughout India.
Shillong: Great Mercy Langte from Nongnah Village, South West Khasi Hills, is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Kasmutia Langte. Great Mercy has been selected for the Grant Finale of Miss India to be held on 31st March, in Guwahati City.
At about 5:30 pm, police found a local taxi number ML 11 3594 carrying two persons along with the driver.
There are those between T.6-7 lakh to T.20-30 lakh.
Speech was also delivered by Bah M Lamin Gashnga, Principal and Owner of Jien Pyngrope Memorial Music School. put.
The Bishop of the Diocese of Jowai in the presence of the Priests who accompanied the youth from different Parishes of the Diocese of Jowai.
Along with the Sordars, Village Authorities, parents of school children, the Director of Border Area, Kong RM Kurbah, was also present at the meeting.
Short speeches were also delivered by Bah Samborlang and Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem before handing over the jerseys to the President of the group.
It may be recalled that the MDA government has already passed the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill, 2020 last year.
He said that the state government from time to time continues to invest but the signs show that it cannot succeed.
The newly elected members are Prof. Lakhon Kma as President, Prof. DV Kumar as Vice-President and Dr. Marbhador M. Khymdeit as General Secretary.
Then the Christmas Eve Celebration begins.
A friendly football match was also held between government employees and Rangbah Shnong.
The union requests the authorities and the JHADC to complete the construction of this new market, so that the farmers and day laborers from all over Jaintia Hills can benefit.
The implementation of Hindi in schools from childhood to class ix will bring many changes and benefits to future generations.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders' Forum (KJCLF) today convened a meeting to discuss issues affecting the state with political leaders at Bianchi Hall, Laitumkhrah.
Police also admitted that they know the civilians who help the GNLA and soon there will be a heavy search operation.
The scheme will be implemented until October
Shillong, June 18: The struggle for police recruitment has intensified in Shillong these days, while in Garo Hills, police have been searching for recruits to encourage youths to join the police force. himself into the police force.
The desire to follow our dreams.
The decision was taken at a meeting convened by the MLA of Mawthadraishan Constituency, Bah HB Nongsiej, in the presence of the Syiems, Sordars, Secretaries of Villages and Elders from various villages in the constituency. and Mawthadraishan C&RD Block.
The Under Chief Officer also urged these Warders to have a determination and dedication to their work and also to prepare themselves for the reform of the working methods in the prisons.
Recording and editing by Chesterfield Khonglah.
The amount spent from the fund to reduce corporate tax and others is estimated at T.1,45,000 crore.
The Union said that the lack of protective equipment has surprised many, especially the public, to have confidence in the health department on its preparedness to fight against the spread of coronavirus.
Shillong: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Dr Donkupar Roy has admitted that the Congress candidate Vincent H Pala has been very angry this time until he has spoken against the unity of the ethnic parties.
“25 years ago, if you said to go to Sohiong, people would have said that you were going to carry kyiad,” said Bah HDR Lyngdoh. Through the arrival of many development projects, people have forgotten the appearance of sohiong before 25 years.
Speaking to media on Monday, Bah Paul said that the Reservation Policy is not the main issue affecting the Khasi community today.
Australian cricketer Philip Hughes, who was also the New South Wales batsman, died today after suffering an injury in the middle of the match against New South Wales. day hat May.
“I don't like that person,” said Banisha. “Why do you say that, son?” The mother asked, "What's the matter?" The mother replied, "To iaishah beit seh," said the mother. “I'll be surprised when I hear the news,” said Banisha. “But you have to call her,” said the mother. “What will you do?” said the son. ?" “To pyntiew sha Hep” she ordered her sister. “To Bah” she said. While Peter was drinking, he said to his mother to ask him how much it costs to make a sati. synjat.
Condemnation and demand for Singh's resignation came from the mouths of many Congress leaders.
Can the private right of any person or any other person be restricted? In fact, right and wrong should go hand in hand like right and sin. .
The addiction of students to these alcoholic beverages affects the development of young people to progress in their studies and puts pressure on the country to get young people who will be a source of inspiration in many ways.
Therefore, this is just to remind the Congress leaders of what everyone still remembers and at the same time to ask them whether they have anything special, until they demand to convene the Dorbar. The Assembly has decided to discuss this issue.
Agnes, who has lodged a PIL against the MLAs/MDCs in the High Court, said that in the recent hearing, the government lawyer said that The Governor of Meghalaya, Agnes, said that a complaint has been lodged against the Governor but the Governor has not done anything yet.
The source said that on that day there was also a football match at the ground and after the match, the incident happened. The victim was rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ, but died on the way.
The Adviser of the ASHAs, Soni Kharjana, said that if the government does not release half of the money that the ASHAs should receive, they will not stop their strike. He urged the Government that even if it cannot release all, it should release half of them.
Thirteen political parties have staged a protest in the state to demand the implementation of the ILP which has been in force for more than three months to curb the illegal infiltration of foreigners.
“What is clear is that it was the violence of the State Police that reached the point of killing Bah Cheristerfied.
The purpose of this program is to provide the children with the opportunity to share knowledge and skills in various fields to promote human dignity and morality for the benefit of society.
If you ask them why you want to stand for election? The answer to these questions is whether to serve the people? When asked about the qualifications, many of the candidates who have contested the election are not yet qualified to contest the election.
“There are some residents who are afraid of this order of the Sordar and have to take money from the sying traders to buy materials to build toilets and there are those who have to build until they get the materials to build toilets. ration and vote,” she said.
We should unite and go to Parliament with 25 MPs from the northeast from the same platform,” said the Rajya Sabha MP.
Now the idea of ​​buying and selling doesn't just include goods.
In his speech, George said that he will follow up on these issues which MEPA has been going through in the past and he said that he is trying in the Legislative Assembly to speak on this issue.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that it is not easy to run the school which has been running for 60 years. The school is committed to the spread of education and is one of the most famous schools in Ri-Bhoi due to the hard work of the management who have established it since the beginning.
This shall be in force from the date of enactment of this Act until further notice.
Other shootings included 25M Sports Pistol and 25M Standard Pistol at the 58 GTC Shooting Range and 10M Air Pistol and 10M Air Rifle at the 10M Precision Indoor Shooting Range in Demthring, Shillong.
These commercial taxis run at will and do not carry passengers even when they are empty and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people and urged the police to take action to resolve this problem. you don't have to drive a taxi.
However, many of the issues mentioned in the speech of the Governor, are not much different from last year as many of the issues have been covered by the same, which the government has been doing since earlier and until now. juh that work.
Tickets can be obtained from Shillong, Jowai, Khliehriat and at the Panaliar Village Council office.
Bah Myrthong said that in the book, it is written that the Khasi worship the demons of the mountains and rivers and he said, “We don't believe in the demons”.
Hardep said that street vendors have become an important part of the economy in urban areas, providing essential goods and services to the people living in urban areas. .
Nongpoh: The Meghalaya Kayak Festival 2022, organized by the Ri Bhoi Water Sports and Tourism Cooperative Society Ltd, in collaboration with Meghalaya Tourism, was held at the Meghalaya Kayak Festival. Wah Umtrew, located in Umtham village, Ri Bhoi, has been attended by several world famous sailors.
At the first meeting of the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli, the Chairman WJHD and the Chairman WKAD received a letter and put forward three issues. After the meeting, the leaders and members of the Regional Committee went to the Entry Tax Gate of the Assam Police Camp at Khanduli. KAAC in Khanduli or Am-ih in Assam has admitted that there is no longer any KAAC revenue collection gate, while the Assam police according to the district administration of West Karbi Angklong have deployed police in the area. The Regional Committee has continued its inspection to Zero Point at Khanduli which is considered to be the border of West Jaintia Hills District.
If it is true that the sun (the Hok) has gone to hide in the cremation ground, you have to find a ksiang to call it back, otherwise the darkness will continue for many years.
However, in the last few days, since the election campaign has become more intense, there have been incidents that have caused panic among the residents.
This scheme benefits those who are nearing the end of their term of office but is a disadvantage to those who are still in their term of office.
Mandari Dkhar top scored for Thangsning SCC with 30 runs from 37 balls and Oristotle Nongkhlaw took two wickets for 10 runs in 3 overs. Thangsning SCC scored 75 runs for the loss of four wickets in 13.4 overs.
According to information received by Rupang, the road from Shillong to Dawki has been divided into five packages and this part of the SS Infrazone is the first package of the road. The length of this road is about 11.6 KM. Rupang has also found that only two of these three sections are in progress while the others are still suspended due to lack of construction. The DC and the state government have allocated land for this road.
Rupang: The BJP has done well in Shillong in the last MLA election where you won two seats. What are your expectations in this MP election? Sanbor Shullai: That's why I asked them to I have told and asked them that through TV and media you have seen that the government in Delhi under the leadership of Narendra Modi has brought many development works in the entire North East and in the whole country.
The girl told the children that she did not recognize those who shot her and she said that the robbers threw a stone at her face and stabbed her in the neck. an.
This practice of spreading garbage from the CHC is like injecting viruses into the patients instead of coming to recover which can be life threatening if not treated.
The residents who go to farm should go only to the fields and return home without interfering with others. to ensure that all employees follow all the protocols of the government in relation to the prevention measures against COVID-1
Besides the repeal of many of the rights granted by Articles 370 and 35A, the question now is what will happen to J&K and Ladakh after the repeal of these Articles.
The Field Supervisor NSSS also performed a Street Play Skit (Street Drama) at the meeting. Rongrin Govt School, Don Bosco Secondary School Umdang and Lumdiengjri Presbyterian LP School.
Most of the MDCs laughed inside the House, but Mansturdy Nongrem, former CEM, stood up from his seat. He complained to the Deputy Chairman that he should not laugh inside the House and at that time there was a heated argument which temporarily stirred up the House.
Shillong: The deaths on Saturday were Nobad Ali Sarkar, 78, of Shyamding, West Garo Hills, Twiskinda Sohphoh, 58, of Umbir, Ribhoi. He died at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
He informed that all the existing ration vendors will expire on 31/12/2
After that, she tried to drive by teaching her friends and when she learned well she started driving a school bus.
The women dance in the middle while the men dance mastieh narud to surround the women.
“This action of the government shows that there is something behind it and this has also led to the loss of confidence of the people in the Lokayukta office,” he said.
After this, Avinash will now join four others, Akshadeep Singh, Vikas Singh, Paramjeet Singh Bisht, Priyanka Goswami and Murali Sreeshankar in the list of Indian players who have qualified for the tournament. Olympic until this moment.
Even at the meeting held on Monday in Mawlai, which was the first meeting to clarify the two issues, Bah Ardent said that the change in the Reservation and Roster is not against the Reservation and Roster. Garo friends, but it is against the government.
In conclusion, we as teachers who have a responsibility for education in our state, we would like to request the government not to proceed with this recruitment, not to clarify these issues. If it is a mistake, it should be corrected immediately.
However, she said that the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 states that one can become an Indian citizen only through religion. “You cannot change blood, blood will not change but religion can be changed overnight. “This has violated the Constitution of the country,” said Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait.
Khurana contracted the disease after attending a farmers' meeting a few days ago.
Lajong captain Samuel Lalmuanpuia scored the first goal of the match.
The employees have written to Telecom Minister Manoj Sinha to release money from the government so that they can get their salaries.
The request to the Leaders now is only one – propose to pass laws on important issues and spend more time to discuss issues that affect the welfare of the people.
You have been my trust from my youth.
Especially the smuggling of cows is very high on the India-Bangladesh border, but it has been seen that not only cows, but also muid are being smuggled to Bangladesh.
“After Parliament passes the budget, the states will get their share,” he said.
He was born in Israel to the Jews but they did not accept him.
“When the deadline expires, all coal mining factories should be demolished immediately and replaced with trees to restore the environment,” the ECC suggested. 31 coal mining factories worth T.5.5 crore should be paid before 8th November,
He said that they will receive the new arrear from 1st July, 2017 to 31st July,
Shillong: The SDO of Amlarem Civil Sub Division, in a statement today, has announced the closure of dams in Darrang, Kongwang, Lymba, Dawki and Bakur villages.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit has launched the 1st (L) Lurshai Hynniewta Knock Out 7-A-Side Tournament at Moopyniein Stadium, Wapungskur on Saturday.
The Upper Shillong Sports Association will take part in the MFA 'U'15 Youth League 2022 to be held in April,
Speaking at the meeting held at Mawlai Nongkwar, Donbok Kharlyngdoh said that in the last three years the HYC has fought many issues and some have won and some have been defeated.
The meeting was attended by the leaders of the Catholic Church from various parishes in Tura, including the Cathedral, Sacred Heart, Tura, Araimile, Danakgre and Walbakgre. of Tura, Most Rev. Andrew R. Marak and Most Rev. Joseph Chirackal.
After lodging an FIR, a case was registered on the incident and a thorough investigation was conducted and the arrest of the person involved in the robbery of these vehicles and nearby shops.
BJP General Secretary Dipayan Chakraborty said that no letter has been received from the UDP regarding the request for support for the MP election.
Tongkhar also congratulated both the Chief Ministers of the two states who have taken this opportunity to resolve the border issue to fulfill the aspirations of the people. for thousands of years.
The Sangot provided the necessary equipment for the chet pyrnah.
They also complained that it is difficult for them to repay the loans they take from banks to develop their agriculture.
Shillong: The Coordinating Committee on International Border (CCIB) on Tuesday wrote to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla to request the District Council not to take action on the issue. The Government of India has decided to erect a signboard on the area from Nongjri Pillar No. MP No. 1255 to Pyrdiwah-Dawki Pillar No.
The employees of MCCL have not received their salaries for 10 months since the old factory closed down.
Agnes Kharshiing, president of CSWO, has lodged a complaint in Shillong today.
However, unfortunately, in all these years, we have not received an accurate estimate of how much our share should be, we have only received as much as we have been given,” he added.
The owner of the shop said that there was no more milk in his shop, and he sold it in the morning at the usual market price.
Speaking at the meeting, Anil Bhardwaj, Addl.Commissioner, Income Tax, said that according to Section 10(26) of the Income-Tax Act, the Income-Tax Act has exempted the indigenous people from paying tax. they work in areas where the law is specific.
The East Khasi Hills District Police in collaboration with TULBA has launched a public awareness campaign on the dangers of drugs as part of the celebration of the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking. The rally was held from the Inner State Bus Terminal (ISBT) Mawiongrim to Madan Iewrynghep, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, Banteidor said, “I have met with Union Minister Pashupati at Pancheel Bhavan and I have had a long conversation with him regarding helping the state to get factories. produces a variety of food products such as wine factories, soybeans from many varieties especially sohtrun which is abundant in the state and other agricultural products produced in the state.
Those who appeared outside the elders and those who have a special love to honor Bah EK Mawlong as a leader of the people at this ceremony on the 14th birth anniversary of Bah EK Mawlong, Bah EK Mawlong has been accused of being a landlord and auctioneer of the Meghalaya House Calcutta.
Nongstoiñ: The Joint Action Committee of Coal Traders Associations of Shahlang Region led by Bah Harley Synchiang President and Robert Sohbar General Secretary, has said that it will not approve the demand for the closure of coal mining factories. who is in the Shahlang area.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the VWSC, Bah Stan Thabah, declined to comment on the matter.
The Congress and AIMIM have contested the elections in Telangana and both the parties have strengthened their participation in the upcoming Assembly elections in the state. of this year.
The main topics discussed at the meeting were on health and the aim of improving agriculture in Ri Bhoi, so that it will benefit the farmers in the district.
Speaking at a seminar on “Education and Culture Empowers Youth” organized by Samla Seng Khasi Riwar Mihngi, Shillong Branch today, Shillong, Dr Bareh said that A nation should not follow anything that comes from outside without proper justification.
Many of the residents of the area, phoned Rupang to inform about the incident and said that there were no police or drivers in the area, but the residents themselves were driving.
In his affidavit to the Election Commission, he said that he is 52 years old, nine months old and has T.2 lakh, while his wife, Polly Rabon, has T.1 lakh.
In many cases, theft and robbery of illegal pedestrians has been allegedly caused by the presence of drug addicts who are waiting for robbery.
Few have tried to stand on their own feet but many have found it difficult to expand their business.
However, for many unavoidable reasons, these development projects have not been implemented.
In Arunachal Pradesh, six new cases have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases to
“We would like to express our gratitude to the leaders of various religious groups/churches, women and youth who came to give their support and especially the prayers that were held in the place where there was a fast. Mr. Ardent M. Basiawmoit was appointed to the Additional Secretariat.
The three MLAs sent their resignation letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh at his office at the Assembly Secretariat in Khyndailad on Monday evening.
He said that according to the letter received, it is clear that the government has canceled only the order to implement the project by private companies and not the intention to build the river.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 226 cases, 9 cases in Jaiaw, 5 cases in Lawmali, 5 cases in Laitumkhrah, 7 cases in Lumparing, 5 cases in Madanryting, 10 cases in Mawdiangdiang, 31 cases in Mawlairam, 6 cases in Mawsyn. cases in Mimhans, 11 cases in Nongmali, 6 cases in Nongrim Hills, 5 cases in Nongthymmai and 5 cases in Upper Shillong.
At this meeting, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit was confirmed as the full president of the party and will also be the president of the party.
Mr. Martle said, “Where are those nations, where are those people, to cover all the facts.
Shillong, November 18: The HSPDP has been surprised by the remarks made by Bah Pyshngain N Syiem against the HSPDP in the past few days.
The incident occurred at Gate No 4 of Rishra railway station after 10 pm on Sunday evening. The railway line in Howrah has been suspended.
The victim was allegedly raped several times in 2017 in her own home while she was alone at home.
“The UDP will also create mechanisms on forest, land, customs and traditions and to strengthen the village courts,” he said.
Shillong, July 17: The census for the income of the people in the state started today from the Governor's House.
She said that in a notice signed by the Deputy Labor Commissioner, HANM has admitted that the notice has been distributed since 12th October and has been given within 20 days. that the shopkeepers should register.
These are the miracles of heaven.
In Mawhati, it could be between independent candidate James Sylliang and Congress candidate RB Shadap and incumbent MDC Otril Pamshong who is contesting independently supported by MLA JK Dorphang.
Meghalaya lost eight wickets for 138 runs with Sachdeva smashing 12 fours and Ram Gurung, who tied for 29 runs and 65 runs.
According to the source, the two men are from the same village of Synnia and there was a fight between them that night in which they raised their hands and shot each other. which also led to the end of death.
Novak's record in the tournament has now dropped to 67-11; The player was fighting for his ninth title but was cut off after two hours of play with 35 unforced errors in the defeat. his fourth in the current season.
Israeli Defense Minister Youv Gallant said Israel is now ready to change the situation in Gaza, indicating that it wants to defeat Hamas. This work shall be done in three stages.
He said that through this scheme, the players will be able to use it to purchase sports equipment and other sports necessities.
Alleging that there has been a lot of corruption in the past five years, Marak said that if all these things have to be exposed, it will take months.
Researchers say that if we don't understand the dangers of plastic use, by 2050 there will be more plastic than fish in the sea.
The National Population Register is the registration of the citizens of the country as part of the government's efforts to bring peace to the country and its citizens.
After three days of search, the body of Bah Marshall Marwein who went missing after a garbage dump in Marten, has been found today.
This time, a total of 9 offices participated.
He completed his post-doctoral studies at the University of Bristol, UK and for two years in 1999-2001 and 2003-2005 he headed the Department of Chemistry at Manipur University.
The Rangbah Shnong of Khanapara, said that the entire village is surprised by the violence of Assam, which without informing the village authorities, has destroyed some shops and shops. houses within the state boundaries.
Anything against this will be declared illegal and will not be valid,” she added.
On the other hand, the union will hold a meeting in the coming days to discuss the state of emergency & ambulance service in the state and as it has been seen that across India, the judiciary has taken action. good for this.
He said the whole of India wants to imprison Rhea without any evidence.
Pastor SG Ryngksai, shared a message from the Word of God from the book (Ezekiel 10:18-19) about the glory of God.
“Let them criticize you as much as they criticize you but I believe that if it weren't for the presence of political parties in the state, we as a nation would have been invaded by foreigners,” said Bah Wellbirth.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Shanlang Wahlang urged all the members to work hard to serve the people with disabilities and the community.
We support you on the issue of your protest.
Manipur Minister Bishwajit Singh said the Congress government has ruled for 15 years in Manipur and has not been able to bring about development, but now after the BJP has won 21 seats and has won The people of the state have begun to see changes in the development of the state.
In Raid Marwet, Mylliem Hima, Ri-Bhoi alone, there are three private universities such as Mahatma Gandhi University, CMJ or Chandra Mohan Jha University and Delhi Public School. (business school) is not available in other states.
The bridge used to pass through the Shillong Bye Pass is an old bridge of the old road. With the construction of the new road, the vehicles passing through this road have overloaded the road. strength of this bridge.
The rape of a child shall result in the death penalty or life imprisonment.
We flew back to Mumbai on the same flight.
The active participation of the youth in the development of the village as youth organizations and members of the Dorbar Shnong puts the village in a bright future as it is the youth who will become the rishot in the future. .
Finally, he urged the members of the Kur to live on the basis of mutual support in all areas as in the times of their ancestors and to be people who have love and trust from others.
The curfew will be in force in all Municipal areas of Shillong, Cantonment Areas, Mawlai Block, Mawpat Block, Mylliem Block to 7mer, Madanriting, Mawblei, Laitkor, Nongkseh and Mawpat Block. Umlyngka, Lawsohtun, Mawdiang, Tree, Siejiong.
A reporter from Jowai, said that the dorbar hall of Caroline Colony, Ladthadlaboh Jowai has been destroyed by an earthquake this evening.
At least 76 people have survived the collapse, but dozens more have been trapped inside the building since it collapsed last night.
The purpose of the Act is also to protect birds such as vultures, thrings, woodpeckers, woodpeckers, woodpeckers, woodpeckers and others.
The District Police Chief said that after receiving a tip regarding a drug dealer named Kaisikamo who received the song containing the illegal drugs. Police conducted a search operation inside his residence and seized five boxes of soap. After testing them, it was found to be 92.2 grams of heroin.
Shillong Lajong have won their second win of the season after beating Delhi FC 2-1 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup qualifier at the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) Stadium. I'm not sure what to do.
The purpose of this training is to raise awareness among the public on the importance of living with nature to preserve the environment.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur, 24: A 38-year-old man has committed suicide after his body was found at Riat Thawlong. feet high on the road near Mawkyrwat market.
God does His works through men.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawpran Nonglyndiang, Bah Pynskhemborlang Khongmalai, who was also present on the occasion, urged the unit leaders not to take advantage of the distribution of foodgrains.
This will not only affect the health, physical fitness, but also the community, society and the family.
We are not surprised that even the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly is from the UDP. When we look closely, we are surprised to see what is her role in the Legislative Assembly, whether she should work with the UDP. The Government in all cases should not criticize and oppose whatever the Government intends to do.
Ah you're sorry sat.
This traditional dance known as the 'Rongkusi' dance, the wait and mastieh dance and the women's dance is one of the traditional dances of the Bri u Hynniewtrep of the Khasi Jaintia.
This goal was scored by Samehi Ryngki (90+3) This will be the second victory for 7 Wasa and the first victory was against Ladthadlaboh.
Therefore, the party has met with the DC to discuss and send a letter to the Election Commission of India not to allow children to participate in the elections.
The village leaders and CCMC have not been able to donate money as well as rice and vegetables to the villagers. help those people who are slung themselves.
Droning Marbaniang, 50, from Mawkhan, said that the daily production of kubi from Mawkhan alone has reached 15.20 tonnes. There have been many farmers who have left their crops underground, because they don't feel useful to dig and sell, because they have already lost money.
“The NPP on the other hand stands to strengthen all the ADCs. It is the NPP government which has provided a lot of financial assistance to the ADCs to ensure the smooth running of the ADCs. “If the people support the NPP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, they will be able to monitor and confirm the results,” said Bah Shangpliang. struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Carvie Nurse, Cherrapunjee, Sd.
There were some people carrying him.
On the other hand, the SDO PWD said that the department has decided to clean the road with the new NANO Technology.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Michael Kharsyntiew said that the joining of Babulal and his followers will ensure that he will get the ticket from the BJP to contest the upcoming Assembly elections.
All the Presidents and General Secretaries of the various departments of the KSU such as District Units, Area Units, Circles, Units and all members of the Central Executive Council (CEC) will participate in the GEC.
The Minister sent his condolences to the families of those who lost their loved ones in the areas affected by the heavy rains which caused the floods.
The tournament will continue on Friday when PFR Football Academy will face Pomlakrai SC in Group-B at 5:45 pm.
Sri Lanka's police chief warned 40 days ago that there would be a bomb attack by Islamic militants on major churches in Sri Lanka, media reported.
Prohibition against release of funds from MLA, MP scheme and prohibition against issuing work orders from ADC funds, opening and laying foundation stones.
The NPP has also pledged to maintain peace and order in Meghalaya by spending more on strengthening the Police Department, strengthening Cyber ​​Security and setting up Women Police Stations in all districts.
The Media Tour is aimed at opening the door to understanding the various government initiatives launched in the North Eastern States of Meghalaya and Assam.
Earlier, the MLA distributed blankets to the residents of Mawlai, Mawtawar, Nongkohlew, Umpling Umjathang, Mawsiatkhnam, Umrynjah and Mawkhar.
Speaking to media, Lakmen said, “Last month, due to the rapid increase in the number of cases of covid-19 in the state and the decision of the Supreme Court to grant degrees, the you need to do an examination; Therefore, after consultation with the management of NEHU, we have written a letter to the UGC that we cannot hold the examination within November.
“I cannot say whether he should resign or not and it will depend on him whether he understands that the department he holds and if he understands that it is his fault, then he will resign. shuki but if you understand that it is not your fault then you should not hire shuki".
Shangpung Khliehmuchut have qualified for the semifinals after beating Khliehmynkrem 1-0 in the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. it's Friday.
Speaking on the occasion, the BSF officers said that they have set up a mobile check camp at Amlarem, as they have received an order from the Ministry and they can set it up wherever they want in all parts of Meghalaya.
Although Ksan didn't know that he would have to leave only half of his studies, he continued to study hard to pass well in the upcoming examination.
Marak and the union also hope that the education department will take action on this issue.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest wished all the children to do well not only in sports for the sake of physical and mental health.
For those who come first, please see page
Avoid using tobacco products in the form of circuits or tobacco products.
“The Bill is full of shortcomings and has been drafted with strict rules and should be submitted to the Select Committee for further examination,” said the Mawsynram MLA.
Fourth:- God's purpose after He created man and woman.
As far as possible, we have tried to do something to ensure that this illegal activity is reduced,” said Conrad.
This New Year's celebration was held in October before the planting and burial and the inhabitants of Babylon decided to pay off their debts and to return them. and they took the things which they had taken from others.
Foreign Minister Arindam Bagchi said the aid will be handed over to the Egyptian Red Crescent for repatriation to Palestine.
In a statement, the KDA said that these three persons had applied along with others since last year in June, 2012 from the District Social Welfare Office, East Khasi Hills.
Shillong: The Cantonment Beat House Police together with the Special Party, on the evening of 17th July 2022, arrested two robbers involved in drug trafficking and seized up to 50 rupees. Heroin was seized from Harijan Colony, Shillong.
On Friday last month, there was a clash between the residents of Khanduli and the Karbi villagers after they were no longer allowed to enter and leave one village to another. and it increased the conflict.
He said that as an opposition leader who has to point out the inappropriate actions of the government and as one who has stood against the terms of the MoU, he feels that the government should cancel the MoU. Because the government's action is to act without any consultation with the people who will be affected by the MoU between the two states.
It is worth mentioning that yesterday morning, members of the CORP, admitted that they had robbed up to 70 foreigners who were riding in two buses from Assam. They have been warned not to return to Meghalaya.
Shillong: U Parad, 73, of Umsamlem, Bah Phling Sohphoh, passed away this morning at his village.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky also strongly condemned Russia's aggression and promised that Ukraine will not surrender and will retaliate against Russia in the coming days.
In Fiji Island there is a theology called the Theology of Interdependence, which means that mankind needs each other, needs and depends on life in other creatures of God.
Duty and service to one's country and nation has a great value.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Special Committee set up to look into the amendment of the Sixth Schedule, James K Sangma, who is also the Minister in charge of District Council Affairs, on Tuesday said that They all agreed to remove the word “Unrepresented Tribes” from the proposal to amend Article 7 of the Constitution of India.
We have already spoken many times with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District.
Walseng Sangma (64 & 66) scored two goals for Selsella.
They said that this is the right step for the government and the HNLC to have an understanding to reach the goal of bringing peace and stability in the state and expect that the talks will be held. The HNLC and the government have their own ksiang for the talks.
Dr. Donkupar Roy was also elected by the Nomination Committee.
The agreement was signed by Sanjay Goyal, CMD of MEeCL and Gurdeep Singh, Chairman and Managing Director of NTPC in the presence of Prime Minister Conrad Sangma and Electricity Minister AT Mondal.
There are many races on earth that have existed and ruled the world but have now disappeared.
Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh said that he hopes that this celebration will encourage the people to follow in the footsteps of Tirot Sing Syiem and other heroes of the freedom struggle of India who he fought against those who gave their lives for our freedom now.
The Power Department of the Government of India has recently allocated Rs 1092 crore under the Revamped Distribution Sector Scheme to replace and upgrade LT and HT Lines, install Prepaid Meters and strengthen the IT infrastructure of MeECL. This is for those areas which are not included under the UDAY schemes and those funded by ADB. In addition, the State Load Dispatch Center has received ISO Certification for cyber-security, the first to be done in this North-East region.
Ummulong Cricket Club beat West Jaintia Police Cricket Club by 152 runs in the District Cricket League organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) on 22nd June.
The incident angered the residents of the area, who burnt down the truck, number ML 08 A 0688, while the driver of the truck, fled the scene. .
Deputy Commissioner RP Marak said that he has directed the Project Director of DRDA to consider the concerns of the people and submit the report as soon as possible.
Thus it shows the snap character of a human being.
These letters of demand come at a time when the peace talks between the central government, the state government and the HNLC have just begun and are on the verge of progress.
These snow-covered ksew have spread to Motphran, to Iewduh, and our women have become the farmers, the fishermen, the shelter, the shelter for these ksew. slap-slap.
The total number of recoveries is 13173 and the death toll is
Shillong, Nailar 14: “Para ri paradoh parasnam, we the FKJGP and KSU Mawlai invite you youth, elders, women and parents to come and join us in the public meeting and the rally organized by 10 political parties on 16th July, 2013 at 11:00 pm, to demand the immediate implementation of the Inner Line Permit Act to protect the minorities. “It's a good idea to have a smuggled entry of foreigners,” said the two organizations from Mawlai in a statement issued today.
The whole road was covered with vendors and sometimes when two buses passed by, it looked like people were passing by.
Many were surprised and confused when the name of Zenith, who is the brother of Mukul Sangma and the current Minister of Sports, came out.
According to Bah Shylla, a strict order should be issued on this but it will produce more Krang in the coming days if no action is taken.
The school was established in 1998 by the Nongjri Umsning District through the Education Committee with the first foundation by I (L) Rev.SR Nongrum. The school was established in the Lower Primary Section on the land donated by the village of Lumgnongrim Byrnihat, but as the days and years have passed, the school has grown in number of students from one year to another. and to be one of the schools which has produced many young and intellectuals despite many difficulties and challenges that the school authorities and teachers have faced until now. The school has celebrated its 25th anniversary.
Speaking on the occasion, Banalari Khongwar, the owner of the showroom, said that to bring about development in the area, the cooperation of the people of the village is needed.
Sailung and Lutituber beat Lumpariat and Mookyrdup in the semifinal match at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday.
This was announced by Commander Shangpliang, Publicity Secretary of the 10th Kur.
Moving the Amendment Motion at the end of the Dorbar, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that the Amendment Bill does not say anything about how the Council will act if there are two groups in the Dorbar. They are from the same tribe.
"The Octagon is a well-known venue that has hosted events such as the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) and is located in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Politicians must change according to the changing times by ensuring that they do not violate the laws and regulations and the Constitution so that it will not cause losses.
“We will try to use our resources wisely, funds from the federal government and others," he added.
Shillong, June 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that the opposition has said that the coalition government will last only two months, after six months, after a year but we have completed the term. compete.
He urged the CEOs to take forward the reforms introduced during Chandra's tenure to streamline the election process.
The Association invites and informs all office bearers and members to attend the meeting.
At the meeting, it was said that some Congress MLAs have raised the issue of removing Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem from the post of CEM. and against the Congress party.
Bah Wanbor also decorated these products by packing them in bottles with the names of the products.
No one was injured in the incident and after the fire broke out, the residents came to help with water and extinguished the fire.
:In the Archery category, the final of the Meghalaya Games will be held tomorrow 20th July 2024 at the Montfort Center of Education School, Tura.
The revenue is directly from the sale of tickets, while the boat ride is managed by the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) and the fish is managed by the Fishery Department.
This happened on Tuesday at 3 pm.
Conrad said the state government has received Rs 700 crore from the New Development Bank for the development of tourism in the state and out of this Rs 700 crore, Rs 13 crore will be used for the development of tourism. the City of Nongkhnum.
The petition was sent after many years of waiting for the State Government to address the problems of the residents of Mawlai, but till now nothing has been done. The garbage dump has been abandoned and this neglect of the Government has put at risk the residents of Mawlai village where the smoke from this dump has caused the pollution of the air they breathe.
Because of the deterioration of this road, the meeting unanimously demanded that the relevant department should immediately fill up the excessive snow on this road. It is no longer a road, but it should be called a road.
After a while, Pynthorbah scored the second goal through Lucky Warjri in the 58th minute.
So their hearts cry out to be saved.
The NABH guidelines are now the best and most advanced for hospitals in India.
In connection with this incident, organizations including Ka Sur u Paidbah ka Bri u Hynniewtrep, STIEH, Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF), Jaintia Youth Federation The JYF and the JSU on Thursday lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes.
They also know how to act without love or greed to sacrifice for the sake of the country and the nation.
Phrangsngi Pyrtuh, a student of Shillong College, said, “I strongly oppose the Tenant Bill because like in Assam, there are three Tenancy Acts but the land owners have become increasingly paid.
Furthermore, Abdelkarim Hassan, defender and Hassan Al-Haydos, forward, were among others.
Phibankyntiew Sun and Wanboklang Kurbah have been missing since 20th November 2023 and were last seen at 5 pm at their home in Marbisu.
“Because I had been locking the cows for a long time and it was dark at night,” he said. , I was afraid to go home.
Purno was accompanied by his children Agatha K Sangma, incumbent MP and James K Sangma, John Leslee Sangma MLA and other party leaders.
In the women's cross country, Balasiewdor Wahlang (SWKH) won the gold medal, Lamtimai Khyllait (EWKH) won the silver medal and Aidotis Khyllait (EWKH) won the bronze medal.
On this occasion, those who received the Meghalaya Day Excellence Award 2020 were also honoured.
This joy in the darkness has caused them to walk blindly and blindly in the midst of a light that cannot be seen from where it begins to where it ends and where it ends. They have and live on the land which has been inherited by the children of Hynniewskum Hynniewtrep.
To monitor this cleanliness, the Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng has ordered that from now on all shops should put their own garbage cans in front of them and all households should clean the streets near their homes every day. on Saturday morning.
These are only diseases to destroy the Rangbah Shnongs, Syiems, CEMs, District Councils and the nation as well,” said the statement released by the HNLC today.
Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time: Casting all your care upon him" (2 Peter 1:6-7).
The meeting will also discuss to advise the government on the law on trade and promotion of agricultural products and livestock of farmers.
“I saw you when you came,” asked Bah Shanbor.
Everything you do, whether good or bad, has its reward.
The Kannada Language Comprehensive Development Bill, 2022, has been passed by the Government of Karnataka. of the State Government or other non-State Government departments, should be able to speak Kannada and it has also been directed that any Bank, which has more than 100 employees, should open a Kannada Cell, which will be headed by a senior officer, who knows the Kannada language, to meet the needs of the villagers in the state.
Leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP), the Kur of the Kur Syiemlieh and other civil society and political parties laid flowers in front of the statue of Syiem Tirot Singh.
Angela said they will intensify their protest for their rights and demanded that the government should release Agnes immediately without any conditions.
The quake struck Kabul at about 9:30 am on Tuesday and lasted about 30 seconds. It was also felt in Central Asian countries, including the capital of Delhi, India.
The SANKALP project was launched on 19th July, 2018 with the aim of strengthening schools and providing vocational training that is suitable for the state and can develop the youth. .
He said the union has been talking to the government to provide parking spaces for commercial taxis but this has not happened and the court's order is a wake-up call to the government.
Mominin resigned from the post of MLA by handing over his resignation letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
The issue was raised at a meeting on Saturday, which was led by the leaders of the MLAs in the states and the Presidents of the Pradesh Congress Committees. Rahul Gandhi has suggested that the two Congress leaders should contest the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
“The infant mortality rate in Meghalaya is 34 per 1000 live births compared to the worldwide infant mortality rate of 29; The maternal mortality rate is the highest in Meghalaya with 197 deaths per 1,00,000 births,” said the AITC. Lyngdoh raised the issue in the Synrai Dorbar of the Legislative Assembly on the infant mortality rate in the state which has increased by 20.6 per 1000 infants in rural areas. that this is a very serious matter.
That also means for the dewbyrtha season which will start in mid-June and lead to Roland Garros; Nadal will compete for his 15th French Open title in January.
The Dorbar Shnong Shnongpdeng, after finding out that the fishermen from all over the Umngot River in the Masiah and Rijab areas, have decided to ban them. Fishermen from neighboring villages from Pynursla (East Khasi Hills) and Amlarem (West Jaintia Hills) who are willing to come to fish in the “Masiah and Rijab areas, on the following strict rules.
During the meeting, the Minister of Tribal Affairs assured to create mechanisms to assist the issues raised by Bah Sanbor and the President of the BJP. the state.
“I have worked for five years and you have judged how the constituency is doing, we have improved in many areas and give me the opportunity to continue to serve to complete the remaining tasks”.
According to Clifford, the Secretariat Administration should look into all aspects before implementing these strict rules as it will affect the people in need.
Nongstoiñ: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, West Khasi Hills District, today celebrated its 30th Anniversary at a meeting held at Vannie's Hall, Macmillan Byrsat, MLA Nongstoin who is also the Chairman of the MSLC was the chief guest while Wellberth Rani, President FKJGP Central Body was the chief guest.
“The 3rd Pay Commission has approved to pay T.3.50 lakh to the DCRG for the deficit teachers, the 4th Pay Commission has approved T.7 lakh and the 5th Pay Commission has sent the approval to pay T. lakh, but the government has still paid T.3.50 lakh which has been paid since the 3rd Pay Commission,” said the Mawsynram MLA.
They expressed their regret that if the traffic jam is heavy for three hours, those who need urgent services will be stuck especially those who come from far away who have to return to their villages.
Bah Paul said the department wants a skilled and experienced person to head the Commission for the welfare of women.
However, when the poor and needy travel to other districts, when they return home, they have to quarantine for 14 days.
Referring to the riots by the Seng Bhalang in Shillong, Conrad said that the people are afraid to walk on the streets in Shillong after that incident. “It means that the government is listening, our police are working hard overtime to bring peace and order at such times”.
Referring to the year 2023, which the world is celebrating as the International Year of Millets, NABARD Asst.General Manager Grevile Kharlukhi has urged and encouraged the farmers to that they need to return to the old way of farming in order to preserve the quality and fertility of the soil.
Donald Trump wrote: “There are missiles fired from Iran at two US military bases in Iraq.
At the time of writing, police and Mylliem MLA Hamletson Dohling have visited the well and the investigation is ongoing.
Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that he is not happy and does not accept the Meghalaya government's reluctance to think of finding land or building special houses for the Harijans.
The PM-Devine scheme of T 6,600 crore which has just been sanctioned will create employment and development opportunities for the people of the area.
“What I have to do is to see if the dkhiew comes to destroy the fishermen and also the Ngap Kyieng if they come to kill the hardworking Ngap tem, other than that, I just wait for the time. to separate and to separate the mother,” said Shylla.
He said he expects the VPP to do well and win in many constituencies.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: The KJP Synod West Urban Mission today conducted a free medical treatment for the farmers in Iewduh.
“In the past years and until now, the union has collected 10 bales or two bales of coal from each truck and shaktiman carrying coal from the area to cover the cost of running the school and other development projects in the community. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Tyrnit Pdein, Secretary San Shnong Welfare Association.
The Waheh Shnong of Khanduli, Yooshida Nongspung, said that the Karbi people have banned the residents of Khanduli from farming because they are against the KAAC revenue collection gate in Khanduli.
Earlier, the Director of Commerce and Industry, Kong MB Roy, said that the market for sohtrun needs to be expanded for export.
According to the Congress guidelines, the names of all the candidates who have applied for tickets will be sent to the Block Congress by the 15th of this month and then to the DCC by the 19th. The KHADC Election Committee will send it to the MPCC by 4th July, 2016 and after that the MPCC will decide where to issue tickets for the mid-term elections.
The deceased was identified as Bareta Nongbet (19), while Wanstar Nongbet (10) and Anisha Nongbet (14) were thrown stones at a quarry in Umlangmar under Mawngap policeout post.
“I don't know anything about the circumstances of that and I will have to look into it," Das said.
Elias Jamaleddeen entered the residence of a woman and shot and killed her.
Samla Peterson said that recently the Rangbah Shnongs and their union have conducted an inspection and demanded that the chicken farm should be stopped. The KSU has promised to close down the chicken farm but nothing has been implemented yet. The KSU has promised to close down the chicken farm. well-being and especially health as discovered through drinking water quality scientists.
During the raid, the union found that there are many foreigners who have illegally occupied land around Shillong from Iewduh to Khyndai Lad. The names and residences of these foreigners, but what is surprising is how these foreigners can sell land when their residence or village is from Laban, Lum Pademsngi (Bishnapur). ), Nongmensong, Pynthor and some from Assam and Bihar.
This order does not apply to health workers, police and public service vehicles.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Office of the Development Commissioner, Government of Meghalaya has urged all the residents of the state who have not yet registered for Aadhaar to register as soon as possible so that they do not lose their benefits. various not granted by the Government of India.
Although the Waheh Shnongs of the villages in the Saipung area including the Saipung Sidarship, from time to time they have gone to the PWD office which is the relevant department and they have been Shitlang Pale, MLA Sutnga Saipung Constituency, said that even the leader of the constituency, Bah Shitlang Pale, MLA Sutnga Saipung Constituency, is aware of the problems faced by the people. The appeals and pleas of the people of the area have not reached anywhere, they have to live a miserable life which has hindered even the development of the area.
The search operation is ongoing and may continue,” said police chiefs.
The College of Science and Commerce Mawphlang has been constructed at a cost of T.36.55 crore of which 90% has been funded by MoDONER and 10% by the state government.
On the other hand, the President of Shillong Press Club, Bah David Laitphlang said, “I would like to tell you that the robbers involved should be vigilant because there are those who come after you and you will be arrested and punished. prison and we will continue to do our best" he said.
“From a thorough investigation, we have learned that the gold is not from Bangladesh but from the UAE and arrived in India.
After this the market was moved to another place called Mawiatan and here too it was found that the market was not sufficient.
In the GS Circle, the villages are Tynriang, Wahsherkhmut, Umniuh Larbniaw, Umniuh-Tmar, Umniuh-Tmar, Umniuh-Tmar, Umniuh-Tmar, Thang-Juban, Dewsaw, Hat Umniuh, Shilliang Jali and Ri Sawkur.
The candidate was accompanied by relatives, friends and leading leaders of the NPP Mawshynrut, along with hundreds of supporters, who shouted, 'Ha ka kot ha kot' , immediately after leaving the gate of the office of the Deputy Commissioner West Khasi Hills.
" Mawphor dt.
“I come before you not with wealth, but with a spirit of love and compassion I want to buy you.
“According to the belief of the people living in this area, in 1853 the Syiem of Mylliem gave this land to these people and when giving the land they should have don't you know.
The Ing Dorbar also urged the villages, Bhalang organizations, Dorbar Shnongs and everyone to ensure that the people who have fled into Meghalaya, especially from Manipur, should leave when the protests have subsided.
The desire to smoke tobacco destroys those who fall into its trap.
The World Organization and Youth (WHO) has organized this program to celebrate Holi in front of the NEHU campus, together with students from Russia, Bhutan and Bangladesh.
“My husband and I have been together for a long time and we got married last June.
The urgent desire of the people of India is to vote uniformly across the country in one day.
Shillong: An 18-year-old girl, who is studying in Class XII at Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School, has committed suicide by hanging herself today.
He said that in the first election he contested from the Congress party and now he is still with the Congress party.
It is also their right to earn as much as they can in this largest market of Khasi-Jaintia.
At this meeting, the KAS also demanded that the government should immediately urge the central government to recognize or include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
He also praised the various groups, who ensured that the fire did not spread to other nearby houses and residential buildings.
There is nothing wrong with that.
“We have to live with this disease, but we must respect each other to avoid the spread of this disease,” said Laloo. Please refrain from entering and leaving Pohthaw Village if you don't need too much work because the entry and exit is like allowing the virus to spread from one person to another and carry it around.
It is learned that some parties have started to announce the names of the candidates for the election, but most of the parties have not yet announced their candidates. However, the visit from the people to the villages has been slow.
On the other hand, the JSU, JYF, KSU and other organizations have also talked to the school authorities to find solutions to the problem of lack of admission of students who have just passed matriculation.
All plants in the world have scientific names.
Speaking at a meeting of NPP Sohiong Block leaders at Umsaw, Samlin said that Ampareen is a good candidate and she has come to the service of the people from her knowledge, fame and knowledge. It is for this reason that the NPP has decided not to give the ticket.
The JCCC said that the preparation for the MPSC examination will help them in their future even if they do not pass the examination.
He said that the state police department is responsible for the maintenance of peace among the ethnic groups and any attempt to commit acts of violence will be punished. rules of law.
Shillong, Naitung 8: Teams of 132 Bn BSF in Baghmara, South Garo Hills district have seized 920 siej, 616.25 cft of wood and 11 tonnes of coal worth T.22 lakh.
The Deputy Commissioner Election Branch also awarded the District ICON to Chi Iung and the PwD Icon to A. Lyngdoh. to the BLOs.
Border Magistrate of Blah, Dy SP MJ Marngar, MDC Jesse Suiam, Waheh Shnong of Khanduli Yoshida Nongspung and others were present on the occasion.
The total number of cases of JN.1 variant in the state has now reached
With 52 points in the season, RoundGlass Punjab FC beat Sreenidi Deccan FC who came second.
Thank you, you don't even think about it.
I will bring the budget , it will be a lot of money to be allocated for water source related projects.
He said the Regional Committees will visit the border areas before the end of November after the Dorbar Synrai of both the States.
He said that in Himachal Pradesh, the Congress has won 40 seats out of 68 seats because the people have rejected the BJP. Former Minister of State, Bah JA Lyngdoh said that the people of the state will give a strong answer in the 2023 elections. “The people of the state don't want to see the MDA government come back to power in
The Mercedes-Maybach S 650 Guard is the strongest protection of any vehicle and can protect against bullets from AK-4
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) on Tuesday decided to hold a protest on the 21st July 2021, which is also the anniversary of the foundation of Meghalaya. people in the city of Shillong.
The union expresses its gratitude to the Mawlai Village Council for taking the initiative to check the incoming mynder.
He hopes for a better future where the future citizens of the state get proper education, that they can overcome the current problems of anxiety, depression and other problems related to the power of thought.
The Seng will not allow and will fight as much as possible to stop these foreign trucks and warns against those who take advantage of importing foreign trucks for their own benefit.
However, Kong Angela said that the job of Khadar administration is not to elect a person who is educated, but a person who is responsible and works and understands the problems of the people. the public.
He is a former leader of the Hindu Mahasabha and is also involved in the Ayodhya case, which is currently pending in the Supreme Court.
Himanta Biswa, chief BJP leader in the North East, said that if the CAB does not have 17 seats to elect Assamese, it will go the way of Jinnah.
“First of all as students, we want to reform the education system because as it is now, the state has declined a lot and it has been seen that there are many people here who have learned but those who are in the midst of suffering are not able,” said the students.
The FKJGP also expressed its support to the KSU's raid in these days by setting up their own gates and Wellbirth said that the FKJGP urges all its units to to be vigilant at all borders to ensure that the authorities should not enter the state.
Therefore, as part of improving the income of the people, helping to improve the environment and avoid landslides, the government should take action by creating mechanisms to encourage the people. through assistance and to provide adequate training so that the people can become more involved in this field.
Speaking on the Martial Law Act, Pastor Basaiawmoit said that the Martial Law Act was passed by the Parliament in 1958 and has come into force in the State this time after it was passed. you law of you ing court.
The 23-year-old woman died at her residence in Munirka in Delhi, where her body was found yesterday, police said.
“However, according to the government, there are very few Garo workers in various departments, for that reason it has given 40-4
In Bangladesh, 113 policemen have been confirmed positive for Covid-19 so far, according to the Bangladesh Police Headquarters.
The Seng warns against all students to drink and smoke (cigarette/Raja/Khaini etc), alcohol (alcohol, drugs, marijuana etc).
A march was held in Guwahati which witnessed the participation of these organizations.
The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) in collaboration with Axis Bank has distributed food items to the families affected by the lockdown. Mawlai Village.
On the other hand, the shopkeepers near the garbage dump said that these drug users used to come to the garbage dump every day from women to men but most of them were that bar state suda.
In another development, police have informed that those who own local taxi/auto rickshaws in East Khasi Hills District, will collect their tickets from 23rd November, 2018 to 28th November,
“We have submitted a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs and requested him to keep an accurate figure of the number of refugees who have come to the state, so that peace and order can be restored in Manipur. , these refugees will be able to return to the state where they came from,” said Dr Syngkon.
Shillong, Jymmang :As part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya, and as part of the public awareness campaign on earthquake preparedness for all schools. The Civil Defense and Home Guards Department (CDF) has conducted a mock exercise on security measures in different districts of the state since this month. they didn't.
Media reports said the women would face torture by being raped by Taliban soldiers, then beheaded or stoned to death, or shah slid down.
It was announced to pay T.5 lakh to each family of these children.
This song was first performed at the General Meeting of the ALO held in Nongstoin in
During the talks in Istanbul, the two sides also discussed the signing of a social agreement to ensure peace for Ukraine, a ceasefire and human rights in Ukraine.
The union congratulates the Government for taking action on this project which is also a source of services for the people of Jaintia Hills and requests the Government not to leave the construction in the middle of the road but The union also urges the government to bring in large investment and many administrative reforms as planned to be built in Tura as the Chief Minister has said. also to bring to Jowai so that it will not be a barrier in terms of development.
The Chairperson of the Meghalaya Lokayukta, PK Musahary, has ordered the CBI to conduct an inquiry within 15 days.
Besides the ILP, the Minister also recalled the demand of the people of the state to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Lambor Malngiang also took part in the meeting.
We have taken a decision of the Cabinet to oppose the bill and that is not a clear answer to the Indian government that we oppose the bill,” said Conrad.
The PWD has recently said that the round road Mawlai starting from Mawlai Petrol Pump to the Presbyterian Church Mawroh has been completed. with PMBC; However, what came out of the discussion was that the PWD has not persuaded the PHE to repair the water tanks first, as some of these tanks have been damaged.
Speaking at a workshop on the development of pig and cattle farming held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong, Conrad said the government also intends to select smart villages. He said the government has signed an agreement with the University of Berkley, California to provide the necessary equipment to develop the selected villages. For this purpose, there has been a discussion to allocate T.11 crore.
The owners of all the six teams also took this opportunity to thank the Minister Shri Kyrmen Shylla, who has donated 10 sets of uniforms to all the teams, according to a statement released by the Baby League Event. Manager Ma Coming TM Tlang, who is also the General Secretary of EJHDFA.
“As part of the intensification of the search operation, Jammu & Kashmir Police said, “One militant was shot dead during an exchange of fire.
Mihsalan is the father of Mowkaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh.
The KSU said that it will monitor and request the authorities to set up a new sub station for the benefit of the people.
The Dorbar Chnong Chilliangraij donated T.50,000 and the check was handed over to the Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes.
The residents alleged that the people from Meghalaya are trying to claim that the school falls within the border of Meghalaya.
PDS, LPG, MGNREGA and others; b.
Whether it is the white dewbilat of private factories which benefit from the 7 years tax free holiday and subsidy, according to the rules of the Meghalaya Industrial Policy or the iong dewbilat produced in Mawmluh? I don't know why, but I'm a dewbilat.
The finalists of the tournament will qualify for the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2023 to be held in India from April to November.
Ri Bhoi United Football Club on Tuesday beat Assam Regiment in the semi final, 2nd leg of the 2022-23 Invitational Knock Out Football Tournament Nongstoiñ Sports Social & cultural club.
Genesis 19: 1–29.
Before 2013, students who applied for scholarships did not need to submit an affidavit as they do now but sent their representatives to sign.
Speaking on the deterioration of roads in West Khasi Hills, Bah Mawsor said, “I have prayed to God to touch the soul of the Minister of PWD and the government but this has not happened. “If they don't listen, God will punish them,” said Bah Mawsor.
Another issue is the ceasefire agreement to allow the residents to escape any injuries.
The fourth part is agriculture in this type of skills, which is usually worked in the field of agriculture.
Hiram's trip to the countryside was like throwing money into the garbage dump.
The age limit for this tournament is only for those born since 1st January
months ago I went to Rambrai and the road is very bad and when I went now I found that the road is very good. " said Dr. Ampareen.
When we arrived at the Weiking Stadium, before the start of the dance, we received a thanksgiving ceremony by the Committee of the Tymmen U San Seng Khasi Kmie, and for the raising of the flag of the Seng Khasi by Rgh O Pyngrope Vice President and after that the Shad Nohkjat started again.
Youths from South West Khasi Hills District who took part in the swimming competition at the 5th Meghalaya Games held in Tura won 3 Gold Medals and 5 Silvers and 3 Bronze Medals. On the part of Bah HS Diengdoh, President of the South West Khasi Hills District Swimming Association, he expressed his gratitude to the Swimming Association. Gold, 5 Silver and 3 Bronze Medals and I believe this is an honour. Not only to them but also to the Association and the whole community.
Another condemnation of the Syiem was for the creation of the Management Board by Syiem Nangtei and the Ministers which has misled the people of the Hima.
The Shiv Sena, which is an ally of the BJP, has won 19 constituencies and is expected to win up to 40 seats in the state.
So far, three bodies have been recovered and the power plant has been completely destroyed by the floods.
He said that the Pynursla police station has ordered the victims to lodge an Ejahar against the shooters.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The State Bank of India (SBA) has announced that tomorrow, 11th Nailar, the bank will be closed in all states. The SBI has closed the door after the abduction of Subodh Kumar Mishra, who works at Gasuapara Branch.
Police have lodged a complaint against the letter.
The campaign, which started yesterday, will end on Tuesday.
The party will also meet with the Prime Minister or the Minister of Education in these days.
She also demonstrated how to use e-reader apps and other tools, which encouraged the students to learn how to use the e-resources that are not available either from the College or from the College. other parts.
However, the VPP has expressed its willingness to cooperate with the NPP-led Government as it will have to hold on to its own commitment as it did during the elections.
The investigation comes after allegations that Mahua Moitra took T.2 crore for questions in Parliament.
Other members of the committee include Dr Sylvanus Lamare of Sahitya Academy, Dr DRL Nonglait of Khasi Authors' Society (KAS), Dr Streamlet Dkhar, Secretary. The Principal Secretary of the Department of Arts and Culture.
Karmel Mawlong is suffering from headache and the public is requested to inform the police or call no.
“In the spirit of love and to participate in this good cause of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi, I will donate from my own fund about T.1/- lakh,” said Bah Pius.
Shillong: As part of the efforts to urge the state government not to register the land on the border with Assam; The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) today held a protest at the State Central Library.
The purpose of this cold storage facility is to temporarily store perishable crops so that they can last for a few days until they can be marketed elsewhere.
“We respect Maheh Martle Mukhim for his 20 years of service, Bah Pai (Banteidor Lyngdoh) is also good but we need better people because we are in a stronger party,” said Bah. Preston.
She also announced 10 issues that the party needs to address, which she has proposed to the people of the state and if the TMC can form a government, it will implement these issues. She said that she will not delay if she takes power after the upcoming elections.
“We will soon receive the allocation of funds and once received the tender will be called and I hope that within a few months we will be able to improve the road,” he said.
The son of the pastor said that there is another youth from Mawlyngkhung village in Ri-Bhoi District who has been detained since 11th July for six months.
“The members of SAFF are deeply saddened by the incidents against any religion or ethnic group.
Then there is the Centrally Sponsored Scheme in which the States contribute only 10, 20 or 30 per cent.
The Ri Bhoi Police have requested the family members to take the body, which is still at the morgue at the Civil Hospital Shillong. The postmortem has been conducted by the doctors of the deceased. of the Hospital.
Every person has a unique characteristic that they feel comfortable with themselves and does not feel comfortable with others.
“It is the act of the Syiem of Sohra and Mawphu, the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Thied-dieng and some of the residents of Thied-dieng who live in Shillong. Half of Mawphu and half of Thied-dieng, how can it be implemented without the approval of Thied-dieng, we will not allow,” said Bah Sohtun. not raid country, they also showed the map and documents they had circulated in their opposition to the project.
The film is based on the plight of the farmers when they go to sell their produce in the market and also shows the price of mur and the exploitation of the traders and so on.
He said that in the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the Police Department at the Secretariat, officers from the BSF were also present. the BSF troops, the role of the Judiciary, and other provisions.
Shillong, Naitung 21: Following the strong speech of the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, the Government today released Rs 122 crore for the payment of four month salaries of the 12 , 541 teachers of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA).
Speaking on his feelings that he does not agree with the Central Government's directive to allow the entry and exit of people from one state to another (Inter-state Movement), Bah Lambor said. Malngiang said that if foreigners are allowed to enter at such a time, it will pose a serious threat to the Khasi people living in the Bri u Hynniewtrep, which is only a shitroh eh compared to the There are other high paid ethnic groups in the country.
Promising that there have been many leaders who have turned away from the Congress Party in the past few years, Jairam said, “Their determination to serve according to the principles of the Congress Party is not true. strong".
Pride will not lead to destruction but to the path of destruction.
Jowai, Nailar 07: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) Central Body (JSM) through its Education Cell has announced that it will soon hold a program to award prizes to the youth from Jaintia Hills who have performed well in chess. The 4th Excellence Award
Along with the speech by Bah Throshon, other elders and women also spoke on the occasion.
The case has reached the Supreme Court where 31 petitions have been filed against the implementation of Aadhaar including the Aadhaar Act for not being introduced in the Rajya Sabha. Money Bill.
The three constituencies under the EKH are Laban-Mawprem, Nongkrem and Nongspung-Sohiong.
Dhana scored three goals through Harita Suchen 10', Pynioo Dkhar 45'+ and Yeslang Lamo 69'
According to a statement from the President of WKSU, Bah D.Sunn, the WKSU has also found that there are two teachers who have retired and been dismissed from the school including the post of Asst. .Lecturer in the subject Khasi (MIL) and an Asst. Lecturer in the subject Biology of Higher Secondary School for more than four months now but until now no teacher has been appointed in these two subjects. The students of the school were in trouble.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) for the first time has paid tribute to the hero of the nation – Tirot Sing Syiem on the occasion of his 188th death anniversary.
Ma Iarmon Paslein, son of (L) Brissilla Paslein, resident of Khimusniang, Pohkseh, Jowai, passed away on
That's what I'm doing.
At present, the District Administration has deployed 12 policemen in Wahkaji area to maintain peace and order in the area.
He said, “In this age of technology, technology enriches a person if we know how to use it.
In the boys' category, St Anthony's Higher Secondary School won 4 gold, 2 silver and 8 bronze medals. Providence School came second with 4 gold, 2 silver and 4 bronze medals.
100,200,500 or 2000 during elections alone cannot solve poverty and social problems but only through policies according to the needs of the time that can improve the lives of the people in the country. all sides.
Banïalam Mylliemngap took wicket for 17 runs while Gavineal Marpna (not out) scored 13 runs.
The High Court has allowed the complainants to answer before the High Court what they are affected by the order issued on 24th June as the High Court has accepted the findings and report of the Justice BP Katakey on 23rd June.
aided teachers) in the world.
Nongpoh: U Samla Stanborlang Dohtdong (18) from Byrwa village in Ri Bhoi District, who was declared dead of COVID-19 by the state health authorities, has passed away today. COVID-19 treatment center in Shillong.
The group will work together to demand the creation of Tripaland in Tripura, Garoland and Khasi Jaintia states in Meghalaya and Gurkhaland in West Bengal.
Without the slightest prejudice or quarrel, to those who treated him so.
Speech was delivered by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, who said that the presence of such big football players will help the youth of the area to improve in the field of football, because they will get The opportunity to compete with those players from Meghalaya and Assam as well.
The overcrowding or mass tourism in any place destroys that place.
To entertain the audience, there was also a musical performance which encouraged the audience to witness and dance.
“To Rida, go to sleep...” He said. Rida, who was overwhelmed with sorrow, thought to herself what to do.
Adarsh ​​Joshi (3/19), Roshan Warbah (2/14), Kishan Lyngdoh (2/40), Elchiang Ch Momin (1/28), Himan Phukan (1/38) and Anish Charak scored (1/ 43) to Meghalaya.
They said that this happened because the government did not set up gates on the roads leading to these dewbilat factories.
On the other hand, the KSU has demanded that the MeECL should take responsibility for the incident and provide medical treatment to the injured and those who are still undergoing treatment.
The project, also known as Meghalaya Star 30, aims to select about 30 of the best students for the JEE (Joint Entrance Exam) through training programs across the State. ) and 30 for the NEET (National Eligibility cum Entrance Test).
The epicenter of the earthquake was in Tamenglong district of Manipur while the epicenter of the earthquake was in Tamenglong district of Manipur. It is located in Noney village in Tamenglong, about 35 km from Imphal.
Acting Additional Director General (Prison) BL Buam said the protest was due to the recent seizure of mobile phones by the police.
Conrad K Sangma said the Meghalaya government in collaboration with the district authorities and village headmen has prepared the necessary mechanisms for the delivery of food items to all the villages. the creation of the entire state.
There was also another incident which happened between Moojem and Moothade villages where the residents of Moothade (Karbi) village crossed to the border of Moojem village, and the residents of Moojem village. They also went out and destroyed their crops.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Other functions of this vitamin include strengthening the bones, reducing the risk of aging, genetic functioning, strengthening the vision, skin health, cellular function and immune empowerment.
Shillong: There have been 97 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today and 73 recoveries have been made today.
Another reason why the HSPDP leaders from Mairang have alleged that the President Rangbah of the party has not consulted or discussed in detail who will be nominated from Mairang Constituency. The MLA elections will not be held but he has taken the decision himself.
This is a great loss to us as petrol pump owners.
Mawkyrwat, July 20: After the heavy rainfall in the past few days, the traffic in South West Khasi Hills District has been severely affected. It has been witnessed that landslides and flooding of roads have occurred in many places.
That is the Promised Land.
On the other hand, the union demands that Bah Rymbui should suspend the Civil Dress Inspector Simsang and Aiban Lyngdoh who insulted the children and the female teachers.
Last month, when the list of students who have been admitted to MBBS was released, it was found that in the Open Category, there are about 8 foreigners who have been admitted to this category. .
Regarding the UDP's misunderstanding of the NPP's actions, Ampareen said she would not want to criticize anything.
Rupda RY Lato, 22, is one of the youths from Jowai who lives in Panaliar village, Jowai.
He became a famous writer, a member of the M.B.E. and a member of the British Empire.
As part of our ambition, we plan to invest in the state and expand operations so that we can provide jobs whether in the workplace or other related activities to young state.
In this regard, the parents and family members of the child have urged anyone who sees the child to inform the family members immediately by calling 8575985294, 9612640811 and 9863017995, according to a statement sent by Merishisha (Mother) and Ritngen Shadap (Father) of the child.
After the programme, the winners of the Carol Choir Competition were awarded to the Serenity Choir Group from Laitumkhrah with a cash prize of T.50,0 The second prize went to Shlem ki Sur Choir Group from Umpling with a cash prize of T.25,000 and the third prize went to Trinity Voices from Pynthorumkhrah Shillong with a cash prize of T.25,0 up to T.10 thousand.
Romi received the award for his iconic feature film “Eikhoigi Yum” (Our House), while Ratan received the award for his film “Beyond Blast”.
This happened at the family's downtown Miami residence in November of last year.
Shillong: The Achik Youth Welfare Organization (AYWO) today launched a protest against the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 by posting and distributing posters in Tura area from Asanang to Dakopgre MP Stadium, Ringrey. , Market Tourism, ICFAI, New Tour, Bokmagre, ICFAI, Mekong Boldak.
The Nongjri-Bholaganj road under Pynursla C&RD Block has been damaged and vehicles have not been allowed to pass through due to the landslide.
The five soldiers died while undergoing treatment at the hospital.
In the games, the Long Jump, Throws and others started with the boys and girls who took part.
They live and support their families by catching fish and selling it in the market.
The world of the past and the present is sad for you to tell.
Shillong, March 5 : Four persons have been killed, 14 seriously injured and 23 others are still missing in a landslide on Tuesday morning at 8.45 am while Danda II in Uttarakhand is located at an altitude of 5670 metres.
Gradually, the market for agricultural products from Meghalaya has increased.
He said that this is the largest government company with a turnover of T.2000 crore and employees of up to 4000 people. There is no responsibility for this company which the people need every day.
Bah Syiem urged the people to elect leaders in the MLA election 2023 who are the protectors of the country and not those who sell the country.
The residents of the area affected by the Umngot project have demanded that the government should hand over the implementation of the project to MeCEL as it is a government company and will think more carefully. to appoint and employ local people.
Regarding the Dhaba, the Longkmie, said that they have received a lot of information about the Dhaba, which the owner has turned into an Awria camp, besides turning it into a drinking place. Wine.
However, with the encouragement of Kyrseishna, Bah Raphael Warjri agreed with all her heart and was able to act according to her role.
However, it was said that Narayanasamy's visit could also lead to talks to change the party leadership.
We should not be ashamed, we should not be punished, we should not think of the owners who have spent their money to buy.
Shillong, July 3: The one-year agreement between the ANVC, ANVC-B and the government remains to be taken by the central government.
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Bah FR Kharkongor said that thanks to the hard work of the security forces in the state, this time they have seized illegal goods including illegal money worth up to T. 74.18 crore.
When asked by the court, the lawyer said that the measures taken by the government to close down these illegal factories.
Members of the Sein Raij Tuber from the elders, youth, women and children from the villages to the two places to bring these trees to Pung Biar Blai at Tuberkmai Shnong. .
“Let us work together to fill these shortages in the rural areas,” said Bah Tynsong while speaking at the Special Outreach Programs (SOPs) organized by the Directorate of Field Publicity, Ministry of Information and Broadcasting. Regional Office, MMT Region, Shillong.
Shillong: U Niwal Challam, Chairman and Waheh Shnong of West Jaintia Hills District, today informed the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, on the visit of Assam MLA Rupsing Teron to the village council. On 30th June 2021, they announced the construction of the University in Khanduli.
We must understand here that it is not only those who go to church who worship God, but those who do not go to church also worship God in their homes.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (KJPA) today launched the celebration of the Youth Week.
Dkhar said that all the activities were known to the former CEM who had handed over to the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF) to manage the festival.
“With our cooperation we will be able to curb crime,” said Bah Nongrum.
“If they feel they don't have money, they shouldn't have issued an announcement,” said the CSWO. There are also 649 Casual Jugalis and out of these 319 are Regular Jugalis.
“If they see that the government will issue a new EOI, then the government's intention is to invite other parties to invite for the re-signing of the MOU,” he said.
Nongpoh, November 08: Although the MLA elections are still a year away, the preparations for the elections have started in Ri Bhoi District. About 50 people today joined hands to support the Congress party, which welcomed them at a special meeting held at DM Hall, Nongpoh.
After raiding her residence, police seized T.94,000 tyngka along with demand letters of the GNLA. The woman is still in police custody for investigation.
In other states or countries there are wars between countries and countries, states and states, within each other's states.
Adding that the traffic jam is only during school and working hours, he said that the traffic jam from Kashari-Khyndai-Lad is between 3:30-4:0 pm in the evening.
He also urged those who leave the village to go outside and in those places where the Covid-19 pandemic is rampant, to be vigilant and also to inform the village authorities, so that the village can get to do what is necessary.
It means that Satan's fall is not from the Third Heaven, the Third abode of God, because God cast him out of the Third Heaven, the Third abode of God, when he had an unknown name. like Lucifer.
“Until today, the price of tympew has reached T.300 shibiah and shitap has reached T.1200, which has affected our sale of 'waidong' and if this continues we will have to stop selling. The price of kwai dong has reached T.2400 to T.2600 per can and the low price has reached T.1800 per can which means about 400 pieces and if you divide it will produce only 3 to 5 words. It is very difficult for us to produce good prices,” said some of the vendors.
India is also known as a country with many different ethnic groups with different religions and all of them are united as one brother by the Constitution of India.
A few years later, in 1955, another group of students known as the Khasi Students Association (KSA) was formed on two grounds, “To instill the spirit of cooperation and helpfulness in To promote education, dignity, morality, society and the prosperity of the country" (Constitution of the Khasi Students' Association 1955).
Phawa said that the Meghalaya Police Department is not powerful but has power. Instead of opening a Police Outpost in Mukroh, it has been moved to Borato.
Shillong: The Principal Secretary, Education Department, Government of Meghalaya, has directed all schools under the Ministry of Human Resources Development, Government of India, to Children's book bags should not be heavy as it will affect their health and this will come into force immediately.
There are also merchants who sell goods in the market.
Speaking at the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, C.Kharkongngor, IAS said that through the opening of such shelters for the orphans who do not have any caregivers, It will be helpful for them to live a better life because through their presence in these shelters they will get many educational opportunities and especially to get to go to schools.
At the same time, the union requests the government not to make mistakes in the demarcation process in the second phase of the six border checkpoints, after the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam announced that Regional Committees will soon be set up for the demarcation of the boundaries and to listen to the voice and consent of the people and not to ignore the Syiems, Village Authorities who know better the land according to the dulir and documents.
Shillong: The Meghalayan Age Tourism Festival will be held from 7th to 15th October 2020 at Thadlaskein, Lad Mukhla, West Jaintia Hills.
To reach the title of Master Chef is a great honor for Meghalaya in terms of showcasing jyntah cooking to the people of India.
Sunil Chhetri scored a hat-trick by scoring three goals and Udanta Singh scored another for the group. -A.As it appears from the start of the first match of this group both the teams tried to play hard, but India managed to show their skills at home by scoring through Chhetri. in the 10th minute.
Shillong: The Supreme Court today heard the case of Ma Lber Laloo against the NGT order banning coal mining in Meghalaya, which lasted for about 10 hours from 2 pm to 3 pm.
“This clearly shows a lack of attention on his part to resolve these issues immediately.
The performance will be held for four days on the 21st, 22nd, 24th and 31st of November from 5 pm to 6 pm.
On the share of Major Minerals like Coal, 60% goes to KHADC and 40% to the State Government. 25% to the Council and 75% to the State Government and this has been received from June last year to October this year has reached more than T.39 crore. T.73,39,20,54 crore per annum for the payment of salaries to 800 Permanent Staff and contract basis. There are about 100 casual employees and the Council has to spend more than T.5 crore per month.
“It is really encouraging that he has spoken about football.
In the strengthening of voter recruitment activities in the past three years, the Commission is ensuring that there will be no attempts to persuade voters by benefiting them and has directed them to CEO and law enforcement teams to strengthen oversight.
On the issue of recruiting its own IPS Cadre, Conrad said the State Government will continue to approach the Government of India on this issue.
On the children who come from abroad, he said that they have to be treated themselves or call 108 to talk to the doctors and they have to take precautionary measures.
Shillong: H Elias HSS has reached the final of the U 17 Subroto Cup by beating Jharkhand School 3-2
However, he said that the change could be the strengthening of the Congress party.
Nongpoh: In a road accident, which happened yesterday on the Umsning By-pass in Lumumpih village, the Seng has requested the people of West Khasi Hills not to buy TOPCEM dewbilat. , A 56-year-old man, has died after being hit by an unidentified vehicle, which was passing through the road and was on its way to Shillong.
Well, then, we don't expect the result to be good.
On the other hand, the bank can only work from 10 am to 2 pm and only 50% of the staff are sent to work.
The union strongly condemns this brutal behavior of the police of Mawkyrwat Police Station which is illegal to touch or shoot people especially in police custody.
“We have suspended Raja Singh's page for violating the rules of the company and for posting articles that lead to violence against also create racial prejudice".
Although we accept that money comes first and the services to the children come later, what is needed now is that if schools fall under the jurisdiction of any department, then There should be a few rules that have to be agreed with the school principals and these should be in addition to those issued by the Government of India, on the weight of books, but these alone are not enough and the government authorities should Therefore, the sai juti must be purchased from the school, the banian must be purchased from the school, the pla book must be purchased from the school, the copies must be purchased from the school and even the ribbons must be purchased from the school. school.
This decision was taken at a meeting held yesterday at Sohra.
In bowling, Meghalaya managed to knock out Maharashtra's top four wicketkeepers after completing 13 overs and allowing only 60 runs to score.
Hyderabad and Meghalaya have already been selected for the Elite Group of the Ranji Trophy next season.
After a thorough investigation into the NSCA, it was found that there is an organization called the National Sports Club of Assam which also has a branch in Shillong and the constitution of this organization was approved in
In the second innings, North Garo Hills beat West Khasi Hills by a run in the first half. Damewanpynkhraw scored 22 runs and Rakseng Marak scored 3/21 in 17.2 overs.
The two HSPDP MLAs who won for the first time, Shakliar Warjri from Mawthadraishan and Methodius Dkhar from Mawshynrut, took the oath together.
There are also places where he has received information that banks have burnt the Aadhar cards issued by the public instead of completing the linkage with bank accounts.
The school, which was founded by the Missionaries in 1892, has been in existence for 131 years.
The residents have expressed their surprise that they don't have a factory to run and besides the load shedding, the electricity bill has increased.
Jowai, Nailur 1: The residents of Mookhim village who had fled to Moolber have left for Moolber today along with the security forces of the Assam government.
The seventh king was Adolf Hitler of Nazi Germany, a tyrant who killed 60 lakh Israelis in the years 1939AD – 1945AD, and who ruled the whole world.
Kohli, in his speech, was surprised that there are still many wooden bridges in Garo Hills.
“There are many other corruption cases which the people have learned and seen and the people have been angry with this government,” said the former Mawphlang MLA.
The HYC demands and warns all the MDCs that the money through the Special Assistance Grant should reach the people and not in the accounts of anyone as before.
The tournament will be a thrilling one where teams from the ISL and I-League will compete for the title, with the winners already qualifying for the tournament. lympung AFC Champion League-2 Group, 2024.
Nongstoiñ, July 17: The FKJGP Maweit Circle together with the Maweit Unit under the leadership of Bah Anthony Umiong, President of the Federation, on Tuesday visited the PHC in Maweit.
These employees have the intention to wait until the end of the Dorbar Mang Tyngka before taking any steps to hold the strike.
That is why many people will be tempted by Satan's laws, the world is now in the midst of the beginning of the spread of doubts, fear and insecurity in this world.
This type of virus is a small creature, and when I tried to search on the Internet I found that this virus is not larger than a motorcycle, and when I tried to search more According to the writings of Yatborn, I found that this disease has a wonderful characteristic and has the following characteristics:-When I think about the characteristics of this disease, I find that there is a news that wonderful in its portrayal or expression because it represents the suffering of Christ to us.
He also acknowledged that the Congress will form a government in the state after the elections as it will get at least 15 MLAs from Garo Hills and many from Khasi and Jaintia Hills. .
The Chief Minister said that the active ratio in the state is 16.9%; The recovery rate was 82.1% and the death rate was 1.7%.
However, at the same time, he urged them to take action in agriculture and accept the techniques that the government will provide them for the development of agriculture.
There are 11,97,806 voters in Shillong and 7,16,989 in Tura.
In a petition signed by President LS Rymbai and General Secretary RDkhar, the JSM urged Conrad Kongkal Sangma to talk to the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma to confirm the agreement. “The JSM will not hesitate to take any strong measures if the United People's Front of Karbi Longri (UPFKL) “It is not necessary to collect money or harass the Khasi-Pnars living in Block-1,” said the petition.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah also announced several roads which will be sanctioned soon.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the 100th Anniversary of Laban Bengali Higher Secondary School, the Minister said that the implementation of the education system has gone beyond the principles of The aim is for the welfare and future of the students in the past 50 years.
“That's why you're happy as we talked about earlier,” recalled Santa.
He said that it depends on the availability of coal and the mining of coal with the scientific technology which the state is moving forward and trying to resolve this issue in a speedy manner. She has put forward 4-5 small power projects which can generate between 5 to 10 MW and said that these are still in the early stages of preparation and will take time to implement.
Therefore, I urge you as the Speaker of the House that the Governor should speak to us in a language we understand,” said Bah Ardent.
He said that in the past, BJP MLAs were Christians and that is why it is said that the BJP is a religious party.
But there is no one else who can speak; They began to shout, to shout in the public square.
The Maweit road is a nightmare for passengers.
In 2021-22, the damage to crops till November was 156.986 hectares and the amount allocated to the affected persons was T.34.13 lakh.
The General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Bah Donald V Thabah, has confirmed that the Khasi students studying in Manipur are now in a state of happiness after the union has held talks with the leaders of the Manipur Students Union (KSU). .
Payal Gupta scored 76.00 per cent from St Anthony's College, Shillong, Kujal Gupta scored 74.88 per cent from St Anthony's College, Shillong and Ruchi Jain scored 73.75 per cent from St Anthony's College, Shillong. Chandri Thakur scored 70.50 per cent of St Anthony's College, Shillong, U Chandranil Chakravorty scored 67.00 per cent of St Anthony's College, Shillong, U Aayush Agarwal scored 66.25 per cent of St Edmunds College, Shillong, and Rumi Choudhury scored 64.88 per cent of Buddha Bhanu Saraswati College, Shillong Shillong, Ankita Singha scored 64.38 percent, Thangminlun Singsit scored 63.00 percent and Tshering Dolma Guring scored 63.00 percent.
He said the responsibility of the government to provide protection to the people of Garo Hills is low.
Shillong, November 5: The KSU Myntriang Unit has alleged that the Dorbar Shnong of Myntriang has planned to forcibly expel the KSU from the village. people.
There will be 200 multimedia stalls to accommodate schools and groups within the education and skills landscape, industry, and those involved in this field.
On this occasion, MUPSTA has threatened to intensify its protest if the government continues to take action to implement its demands in all 12 districts of the state.
As the days go by, the number of good deeds is increasing, and this shows that the party has a great role to play for the nation and if we are wise to think, it will not be difficult for us to find out where. we can trust.
In connection with this incident, it is suspected that the man was shot dead by the robbers.
He said that besides studying, the students also need time to have fun to refresh their minds, but they should not forget to live and have fun in a manner that is polite and pleases their parents. also along with the education to become young people who know man and know God.
A day after the opening of the school, two young men came to visit the school.
With the implementation of four new centers last year, it has helped to set up Khelo India Centers in all districts of Meghalaya which cover various sports including football, tennis, archery. , athletics and badminton.
The army chief said the missile was fired from Gaza.
In 2023, we have increased from 6 to 12 seats under the leadership of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the people of the state should not misunderstand that the government has banned quarrying in the state.
Regarding the educated youth, he said he is not like the TMC and NPP who have promised to provide jobs to 3 lakh and 5 lakh youth, but on his part he said that only There are 10000 vacancies in the government and if only these vacancies can be filled it will also help the unemployed youth.
Sunalinda Iawren scored four goals in the 8th, 24th, 29th and 53rd minutes.
The Garo, too, when they saw the land suitable for cultivation, settled there near Lyngngam.
There was also a short speech on the life of Parad Rabon Sing Kharsuka by Kong C.Lyngdoh, Member MPSC, who is also the daughter-in-law of Pahep Rabon and on his contribution to the writing of Khasi literature. A teacher who was clever in sharing knowledge, and who loved the nation, whether it was in culture, the writings of which he collected all the proverbs of the children of Hynniewtrep and included them in a book of proverbs.
“We will demand from the government to remove them and if the government does not listen, we will hold a protest,” said Bah Ardent.
In the midst of the urgency and desire to have their own patriotic song, they have tried many ways to compose the lyrics and melody, but because of the urgency and lack of satisfaction. Finally, they saw that the song composed by John Robert contained very thought-provoking and touching lyrics, although not all of them.
The incident happened on Thursday evening at 5.30 pm and they were rushed to Nongstoin and later to Shillong.
He said that on the right and left, people with disabilities are allowed to violate their rights in the government.
In these days, if the lockdown is over, it is better to cancel these Jio and Vodafone, take Airtel.
Vikash Nandwal was shifted to hospitals in Guwahati and Delhi for serious injuries but died this morning.
The leaders of the four organizations in Bhoi, said that from the 17th of this month, they will visit the villages in Ri Bhoi, in order to explain and instill the spirit of patriotism to all the people in Ri Bhoi. Ri Bhoi, so that if there is a strong protest, the people will also support and that this demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state will come true, so that the future generation will be happy.
The Mumbai Building Repairs and Reconstruction Board (MHADA) has identified about 15 houses which have been closed down as no longer suitable for occupancy. and were determined to have been unsafe and posed a threat.
“I have suggested to the Prime Minister to strengthen the MCCL, and he has said that he will consult on this,” said Titosterwell.
The union found that these two government departments had appointed the Deputy Commissioner without the knowledge of the selection committee.
In the midst of these ways of thinking, it was felt that there should be a scientific consensus on the heritage of the ancestors which has been destroyed from time to time and which is still alive to this day. new now.
In addition, it was suggested to identify religious groups and churches to hold meetings to focus on the prevention and treatment of mental illness.
The East Khasi Hills District Chess Association (EKHDCA) will hold the District Selection on the 29th of this month and the 1st of November at Govt.
The visit was led by KSU Central Body President Lambokstar Marngar and General Secretary Donald V Thabah in the presence of members and leaders of KSU West Jaintia Hills.
The Chairman of the MDA said that there will be no difference of opinion between the parties in the MDA government. “It's a good idea to express your sorrow and someone's opposition but this incident is just because it shouldn't be expressed in front of the people who came on that day”.
The General Secretary of KSU Mawlai Circle, said that the demand is also that those who worked with him that night should be suspended immediately for not helping Bah Dismarlin until he died. he lost his life.
In storytelling, the word pyrsa can refer to the children of one's brothers and sisters, and it can also refer to the husbands of one's children, whether from a woman or a man.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung, 05: Two teams of girls under 17 years old from Rangthong Christian Higher Secondary School (RCHSS) and Lyngdoh Wanniang Secondary School, Marshilong (LWSSM) have entered the final of the Subroto Mukharjee Cup Football Tournament 2022 organized by the District Sports Officer, MDSA, Mawkyrwat.
However, if the Sub Center is upgraded to PHC, it will help reduce the burden on PHCs or even Civil Hospitals.
“The situation of the city in these days is deteriorating and the reason is due to the lack of a proper plan from the city department,” said Bah Lyngdoh while moving the Cut Motion in the Legislative Assembly. this Monday.
“Furthermore, the Congress MP from Shillong has informed that the amended Sixth Schedule Bill will be introduced in the Rajya Sabha in
Speaking at the meeting, one of the elders, L.Ngamlai said that all those who have been elected as leaders, office bearers and also members of the NPP 6-Khliehriat Block Committee, He said that JR Pyrtuh and Nehlang Lyngdoh are experienced in the field of administration.
Through these performances, Thakur expects India to be in the 10th rank among the world's countries by 2036 and also in the 5th rank by
Disparsing said the second RTI he sought was on MeECL land. According to the RTI he received, there are 144 MeECL land in the state and 6,861 acres. in size.
New Delhi: Meghalaya Governor Satya Pal Malik, former BJP MP from Baghpat in Western Uttar Pradesh, on Tuesday said he supports the protest of the farmers against the three laws passed on the the rep of the riang inside the country.
“That is the reason why we cannot use it until now but otherwise I don't think it will be used as a garbage dump and besides that it is the intention of the Government that we have to find a place. new and this work went ahead," he said.
At the inauguration of the new block at Adogkre, Sangma also distributed the cards of the FOCUS plus scheme and told the beneficiaries that the money will be paid to them. In the first installment, 10,000 tyngka will be sent while they are still registered, while in the second installment, 4,000 tyngka will be paid.
This comes after the two teams won the quarter final match which was played on artificial turf at Diengshynrum on Friday.
Regarding the schools in all the states except Shillong, Jowai and Tura, the government has empowered the Deputy Commissioners to take any decision if they feel necessary to close or open them. schools in their districts if there is any increase in the number of cases of Covid-1
Even in the midst of poverty and hardship we have to struggle to strengthen our savings and self-support capacity in order to create opportunities.
The current house was built in 1927, it is now about 96 years old.
He said the BJP will replace the Congress in the state to provide clean and transparent governance instead of the corrupt Congress.
In the women's category, Deiti Lonia Sunn (36-38kg), Badahun Syiemiong (38-40kg), Saphira Kharshiing (40-43kg), Ibanpynsuk Thabah (43-46kg), Simran Thapa (46- 48kg), Melbarine Swer (48-50kg), La-i-Matti Mitri (50-52kg) and Priyanka Thapa (52-54kg).
Take, for example, Joseph, who fled when he was tempted by Potiphar's wife to do wrong.
In addition, the state government has informed that the shop and another shop (Metal Container) have been temporarily closed, and the High Court has ordered that they should be closed until the hearing.
The vehicle was hit by a crowd in front of Robert Hospital on Sunday morning.
Police said that these incidents occurred after investigation into a case registered at Nongpoh Police Station under Section 120B/121A IPC read together with Sections 10/13/18 UA(P)Act and Section 5/6 of the Explosives Substance Act.
He immediately informed the police and the police came to take the body on Saturday morning in the presence of the Magistrates.
The union also decided to conduct a raid on computer shops and other shops which sell pornographic films so that it can help the people. young children to avoid many temptations.
The Khasi Hills is a country rich in language and storytelling, in music, in song, in agriculture, in farming, in food. drink, which is the culture of the ancients.
The KSU has urged the DC to take action on this issue to bring about transparency in the appointment process and to allow the rightful people to get jobs.
The Government of India at that time received the Tika vaccine.
Because their sister had been suffering for three months, they alleged that it was their mother who had killed and demonized her, and so the next day they shot and killed their mother and their mother. he was buried alive at 7 o'clock in the evening.
This election is an election to think for the sake of development, because there are many deceivers who are like 'suit tyngjang' who never see the world who come out only during the election to deceive you people in their homes. said Ma Lahkmen.
Schism: The refusal to submit to the authority of the Holy Father or the unity of the masses of “Believers under his rule.
Always drive defensively!.
When the Governor continued his speech, Bah Ardent stood up from his seat and fled the House with the VPP MLAs as a sign of protest.
He said the BJP will contest all the elections whether it is MDC or MP Lok Sabha next year.
This includes the promotion of healthy habits and advocacy through policies that will support public health.
Furthermore, when we turn to the Advertisement of the Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET) Letter No.DERT/TET/2012/PT/1
These robbers used the police vehicle whenever they tried to loot food items and beverages from the food outlets in the district.
Where shall I sit, in the opposition or in the ruling party?, asked Bah Pynshngain and added that the MPCC has suspended him since 14th November
If the world understood Khasi, everyone would have left you.
“I as the Secretary in charge of Mizoram of the AICC elected by Rahul, I feel when the president resigns, I too as the Secretary in charge of Mizoram, I too. I feel like leaving my job.
Among the new cases, 7 cases from Kusikol A Cluster in East Garo Hills.
Marak said that the Garo people are not only in West Khasi Hills, but also in Assam, Bangladesh and other states in India. big.
The incident came a few days after the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Fitr, which is also approaching the end of the holiday of Ramadan.
Out of the seven states of the North East, we have only 26 MPs in Parliament.
During the inspection, they found that the office in charge of this matter was empty and no one was there.
After meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, the union said that the DC said that it is due to the delay of the offices. Therefore, the union has requested the various offices in the district to prepare in advance because the union will visit at any time to investigate for these purposes. Vacancy posts are available in government offices.
In the I-League, the newest team is Real Kashmir Football Club from Jammu and Kashmir, who have been promoted from the 2nd Division League.
The opposition has five Congress, TMC five and VPP four MLAs in the 59-member Assembly except Sohiong.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The ban on coal mining by the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has severely affected the revenue of the state government in recent days.
“So far, the Government of India has no intention of implementing the National Register of Indian Citizens across the country,” Rai said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha.
The words of the Prophet Ecclesiastes 3:1, “For everything there is a season, and a time for every purpose under heaven”.
Umkei SC, which won the title, received a cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy, while Mawlyngkhung SC, which lost in the final.
He said the case will be investigated by the SP of Shillong City, Vivek Syiem and the IGP, H Marbaniang.
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has awarded cash prizes, certificates and moments to the students who have passed well in the SSLC examination.
Besides giving sick leave and maternity leave because this job is for school children, most of them are women who work in this job.
There are now 2,40,871 households who have received toilets and the construction has reached 71% after no villages have received this award till 2006-07 in the state. .
In this discussion, both sides agreed to clarify about this post, but the next day, Bah Phermeki asked us to delete this post instead of explaining about it. , so on January 9th we deleted all related posts.
Using various technologies related to RFID, IoT (Internet of Things) and Big Data Analytics to monitor all shipments of EXIM containers in India, the LDB has joined the major ports of India. , toll plazas, about 400 Container Freight Stations (CFSs)/Inland Container Depots (ICDs) and Empty Yards at ports, and Special Economic Zones, as well as integrated check posts at border areas and Nepal and Bangladesh.
The protest against the CAB has been going on since 9th November and in Assam four people have lost their lives due to injuries during the protest.
The time has come to think more urgently about these issues by creating laws of justice as well as laws of love so that producers, buyers and consumers can live together.
He also urged the UDP candidate to read carefully the meaning of the word “Entrepreneur” which means entrepreneur.
“We see that the Government's plan to bring Marten to Nonghali will have a serious impact on the neighboring villages,” said the Union.
They were afraid, they cried out, and they cried out.
We remember how Jesus walked on the sea.
Similarly, China in recent months, has sent its troops to be on alert after seeing two US warships crossing the Taiwan Strait.
After being taken by soldiers to a hospital in Bogota, Lesly told her father that their mother had survived for about four days after the crash, and that the children had eaten and all the food that is in the field, including the food that is like the bread.
The tournament started with a goalless draw between Lumpyrtuh FC and Moowamon A FC.
They suggested that this scheme should be implemented to equalize the turnaround times in the implementation.
Therefore, it is necessary that the leaders of today should be young people who work hard, work hard in order to eradicate the evils that have spread these days especially like drugs.
The money, worth T.4.95 lakh, was recovered from Monabari village in Ampati, which is on the border with Assam.
“Besides the Mawhati MLA, a government officer has also been involved in this case, including the Director of Soil and Water Conservation,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Bah Renikton expressed his gratitude to the office bearers of the Mawkyrwat People's Development Association (MPDA) for being able to launch the schemes that are entitled to the people of the constituency.
“We will explain later so that they understand what we stand for and they will think later when we explain.
According to information received, the body of the deceased was found by the brother of the deceased, Baiarbor Thabah. the village authorities and also to the law enforcement agencies.
It is clear that after the elections, many of the TMC leaders will join the BJP. Therefore, I have explained to the High Command and our leaders and they have agreed with me that we don't need to cooperate here because of the TMC. It is team-B of the BJP. That's why we don't work here,” said Bah Pala.
They are also spiritually clean, in outward deeds, pure in speech, united, free from bloodshed, and healthy.
Perhaps many of us, we think that shyrtie cultivation destroys the forests, but according to science, if we leave the forests for more than 8 or 10 years, it allows the trees and plants to grow. they are ready to be and to fall.
However, it depends on the cooperation of the people.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said, “Because the name AIIMs means many of these patients from the area.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has held an emergency meeting in the presence of the Superintendent of Police, Bah CSyrti, Additional SP, Incharge of Saitsama Police Outpost, MDC of Pynthor-Mukroh. Bah Arboi Shadap today to discuss the incident.
Meghalaya, after reaching the final of the tournament, lost 3-2 to Karnataka in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Shillong: Regarding the construction of the Shillong-Dawki Highway, Rupang has requested information through RTI from the office of the Secretary PWD, Meghalaya; However, the department has not been able to respond and has handed over to the NHIDCL, Shillong to respond.
“... What can he not do whether it is to defame, criticize and destroy the name of the founder of India? "This great man has been violently treated by the lack of understanding and confidence of the man (Modi) who claimed to be the teacher of the world or the country whom he has appointed as Vishwaguru," Ramesh said.
Mawshynrut is one of the constituencies where the government has announced to open a Civil Sub-Division but no information has been received yet when the government will open the Civil Sub-Division.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Monday demanded an inquiry and suspension of the 2nd Officer Incharge of Pynursla Police Station, Bah George Dkhar, on the allegation of insulting and assaulting two HYC members in Pynursla. Police Station on Saturday.
On the other hand, the Thma U Rangli Juki (TUR) has supported the farmers of Raid Lyngshing, to stop the construction of the electricity project in the Umngot River.
Support also came from various Sengbhalang of Ri Khasi Jaintia, Villages, Women's Wing, Youth Wing and many other groups.
The Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Chnong, Jowai, will once again hold a village fete and lucky draw on the 6th and 7th November 2023 at the Ladthadlaboh School Ground. Secondary School.
We have to blame everyone.
When asked whether Ma Shibun had given money to BJP leaders, he replied, “When they gave tickets, they said they gave money to BJP leaders in Meghalaya. and now they say that the BJP leaders are being sent to Delhi”.
The most exciting and exciting of all the sports events was the Gymnastics under the auspices of the Gymnastics Association of Meghalaya.
Police have registered a case against them under the IPC and Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
MP / MDC has forgotten to vote.
“As we have seen that the 10 District Councils do not have the authority to protect the rights of the people, as in Garo Hills, MDCs have been elected by foreigners. the ILP “he added.
What is more shocking is that when the injured were being taken by ambulance to hospital, the police stopped in the middle of the road and bombed the patients and destroyed the ambulance.
India is a country of many ethnic groups and religions but these days, the wind of change has come from the speeches, from the deeds that are no longer beautiful, from the sad and divisive and this has brought something unpleasant to our country India.
Bah Ardent said that the meeting with MEPA was very pleasant and fruitful, in which he explained what he meant by his speech on that day.
Speaking on the occasion, Biolinda said that 15,000 and 20,000 rupees are being sold in Mawthadraishan Constituency to mislead the people before the elections. They are the ones who have a lot of money and have mislead the people by saying that Biolinda doesn't have money and she came out to fight for the party which doesn't have money.
“So far, 5712 people have received labor license,” said Teibor.
It is this forced increase in class sizes in 2020 and 2021 which has affected the students especially those who are average or below in their knowledge.
When I was in the Cabinet as Minister of Mining, I visited the works of these factories and when I saw that all the workers are foreigners, I asked the Doloi when we met, why only I don't see a single villager in these factories.
Not only that, he also accused the Syiem of violating the customs.
Sacred Heart FT Academy beat Challenger FT Academy 11-0 in the SSA Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 on Friday at Polo Ground.
The pipes are clean but the problem is that the pipes will be filled with lyer instead of water.
Many of those who attended the meeting included Bah KP Pangniang, Member of the State Legislative Assembly, from Rambrai Jyrngam.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 18: Leaders of the Union Rangbah Shnong Nongtrai Area together with the landowners, hope that the MDA 2 government especially through the PWD road department will take action on their request to provide roads, as they have already requested and been welcomed. also to build roads without paying for land.
After five years of elimination.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) MLA from Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, while moving a motion to discuss the issue of drug trafficking and alcohol abuse in the state, said that there are many drug addicts in the state. reasons in this regard including inconsistent methods of handling those who have been victims of crime, weakness of the law, changes in the way of life of indigenous peoples, lack of accountability in the families, the lack of fear of the Dorbar trai-ri and others.
However, we have already mentioned earlier that the deposit of money in banks these days is not the easiest, because the banks are in the market places and the people do not have time. to stand in line for dozens of hours, for 10,000, 2,000 and thus the good schemes of the government, should go hand in hand to the people in these difficult and difficult days.
“If Prof GG Swells and Hoover Hynniewta are the only MPs from this community in the past years, they can stand in the National Assembly, why can't I,” said Pastor. Get wet.
“He said that the voters of Mylliem are very intelligent people because even a person who doesn't work well is still elected twice or three times.
Therefore, he said that without good roads, it will not be possible to bring about changes through economic development and if the villages are in poverty in many areas, such as agriculture and others. businesses but without the road how will they be able to market those products and this is also one of the biggest questions.
The data contained in this paper are the most interesting to study about electoral activities in the country from 2017 to 2021.
In the second innings, Langsning scored 181 runs for the loss of five wickets in 35.2 overs.
He that hath ears to hear, let him hear; and he that hath understanding, let him be amazed.
He said that this request came because in many cases, teachers have had to take to the streets to demand their own salary. forcing teachers to sleep on the streets.
The annual Behdeinkhlam festival of the Seinraij Mukhla which is also the last Behdeinkhlam of the year in Jaintia Hills has ended on Thursday amidst the festivities.
“The invitation of us leaders of the party is like a free coaching class that the Government has given to us party leaders on how to strengthen the foundation and talk about the unemployment of the youth from now on. “This issue is the life and death of the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep,” he said.
Speaking on early marriage, Ms SM Wanniang said that the age limit for men to marry is 21 years and for women it is 18 years. these years shall be considered as an illegal marriage and anyone who violates it shall be punished.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: Six days after receiving information through the Public Information Act, which has exposed the appointment of relatives and those who have not passed the required rank in the KHADC, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has taken action. now I don't have a police station.
The Government has handed over the blueprint to the HPC from 29th November 2022 at a meeting at the Secretariat.
According to sources, the owner of these Akor trees was Abdul Muhit of Hojai, Assam.
The Sixth Schedule shall be entrusted to the District Council through the administration of the the Customs and Customs of the Trai Muluk Trai land.
It is for this reason that (i) the MMDR Act 1957 (ii) the Forest Act 1973 has been implemented in Meghalaya.
The Pynthorlangteiñ Presbyterian Church under the leadership of Pastor Rev.K.Dkhar has held the last rites of the deceased. no shame.
The state will play its first match against Rajasthan on 18th June.
The BJP has expressed its surprise at the attitude of the state government regarding the border dispute with Assam which remains ponding till today although the same government has ruled most of Meghalaya and Meghalaya. Assam and the Congress.
“We have said many times that the answer to this difficult issue is only through a spirit of give and take, and to recognize the rights of the residents who live in the area without coercion. I don't want to lead you astray,” said Gurjit.
New Delhi, July 19: Since assuming office as Prime Minister of India last month, Narendra Modi has made it clear that Hindi should be strong and should replace Hindi. English, which should be spoken in government offices and in various business relationships.
The Deputy Inspector General of Police (Eastern Range) Meghalaya has visited Dawki and the area where the troops and civilians were attacked to strengthen security.
He said that since he was expelled from the party he has not thought of joining any party but he still needs to think with the supporters.
The Board has also set a fee of T.150 for the examination fee and if the students cannot pay the examination fee, the Board will not allow them to proceed to class.
There are 18 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, where 17 cases are civilians.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle on Friday demanded that the district administration of East Jaintia Hills District should set up a temporary police station at Malidor to curb the border crossing with Assam and illegal quarrying in the river. Malevolent.
Conclusion of the statement by the President of KJNU, Samla NN Shadap.
Chairman of the Employment Cell of the KSU Sengkmie, Samla Lam Bok Starwell Marngar, said that the KSU has received information that the department has plans to recruit jobs in different districts of the state including 25 villages in East Khasi Hills, 9 in Ri Bhoi District, 7 in East Jaintia Hills, 9 in South West Khasi Hills and 15 in West Khasi Hills.
It was decided (approved by the GC/CEC) that the Government will talk only with the group led by the Vice Chairman until the two parties reach an agreement to sign the soskular sangeh iasiat. .
“In the past years, the Congress has called for talks with the political parties to discuss if the CM remains silent on the ILP demand of the state in front of their doors many times. “The state government will pass its own law which can be done in accordance with the Constitution of India, where the Congress government has introduced the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act”.
However, during the peace talks between Tep Kyndait and the Syiem of Jaintia Hills, the Syiem killed Tep Kyndait.
Therefore, to prove that the Pnar is a Khasi according to my knowledge, there is a CEM of KHADC (L) H.S.Shylla.
He said that no decision has been taken yet to join any party but after being left alone from the UDP party, he has declared himself an independent MDC and decided to give his support to the party. The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, has urged the villages under the jurisdiction of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The KHADC has decided to allocate land for the construction of Resource Recovery Centers (RRCs), in order to reduce the weight of the landfill at Marten, Mawlai.
Most of the dead were reportedly leading Hamas militants.
I can also say that of all the celebrations, the New Year is the biggest celebration in the world. There are those who look forward to meeting their close friends and from afar and other good expectations.
of Meghalaya, Urban Affairs Department, Director, Urban Affairs, Director, Meghalaya Urban Development Agency and Trade Adviser & Director Movement, Kolkata.
Furthermore, Bah Paul said that there are many large and populous villages with many households but there is no relationship, gathering and building as the motto of the Jaïaw Langsning Women's Association.
The Minister spoke about the projects related to solar power, drinking water, shelter for 32 households, cycle road, man-made river, and subsidy for projects. tourist.
Members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) together with the parents and relatives of the arrested went to Sardar police station to inquire why the arrested members were arrested. On the other hand, another policeman said that an FIR has been lodged by people whose names have not been revealed.
On the same day, the MSOA also launched the track suit specially prepared for the athletes for the National Games.
We have nothing to do with the group coming on Friday, but because the government wants to take action we have to cooperate.
This road is used by vehicles coming from Mawlai to Polo.
After being refused assistance by the village and the civil society, the woman from West Khasi Hills has sought the assistance of the Meghalaya State Women's Commission (MSWC) regarding her problem.
Ezekiel 44:2.
She said that the Constitution of the country does not prohibit teachers from having a union, and it is the way for them to participate for the betterment of education.
Death itself followed Jesus from the day he was born when the rulers of Palestine at that time issued a decree to kill all boys under two years of age and This was done to destroy the faith of the people that the messiah would come to fight to deliver them from the oppression and persecution of the rulers.
In this regard, the scheme has turned into a scam.
At this meeting, more than 24 Rangbah Shnongs of the area and elders, who discussed the proposal by the MDC and in the end they received a reply. Through this meeting, these Rangbah Shnongs have expressed their demands to the government and that is: They urged the government to have special recognition for the village leaders, because at such times even the village leaders are suffering in the coming and going for the village works. and especially related to the food and beverages of the people in the villages.
Momin, 28, was arrested at his home in Junungpara village near Purakhasia on the India-Bangladesh border, about 48 km from Tura.
He also demanded for an independent investigation into the incident and not to rely solely on the report prepared by the police.
The platform has integrated with the GST platform to provide timely invoices.
The teams that reached the final of the Indian Round of the Women's Team Event were West Khasi Hills District and East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Nailar 2: Rijoy Basaiawmoit, father of Dajied Kynsai Syiemlieh, who was abducted by robbers in Bangladesh, said that the body of a young man who was kidnapped by robbers in Bangladesh. called him to inform him that all the documents were in order for his son to be sent back to India.
Mawlai and NEHU, from 1pm to 5pm.
He said that they have done this after receiving a request from many MLAs after the implementation of the scheme in the rural areas.
Shillong: The PFR Football Academy (PFR) has announced that it will invite 14-year-old goalkeepers born in
At the same time, he vowed to intensify the protest if the government does not implement the demands of the Sengbhalang to implement the Village Administration Bills to curb the influx of foreigners and also to pass the Village Administration Bills to empower the elders. The Meghalaya High Court has ruled that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
However, without revealing anything about the conflict between India and Canada, the United States has believed and accepted that India was involved in the killing of the terrorist within Canada's borders. was appointed by the Prime Minister of Canada last month.
The Dorbar expressed the concerns faced by the Khun ki Hajar with the Land Compensation Act 1908, Citizenship Act , para 20 of Sixth Scheduled,  First Schedule 2.
Their handshake was photographed in the Italian newspapers.
This happened at about 8 pm.
They don't want to stay overnight for months in Delhi just to meet Amit Shah just to remind the people of Meghalaya to show that they really care about the ILP issue and the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Khyrnit. The 8th Schedule as decided or approved by the Assembly and many other important issues affecting the life and death of our country and nation.
Bicky Kharkongor of Thangshalai was named Man of the Match.
This influx of people from outside the constituency has encouraged u Sniawbha to win the glorious victory and this is what prompted him to say, “The NPP has already won the 1st seat. Nartiang Constituency in 2023”.
This move will remove the inconvenience associated with standing in a long queue at registration for patients who come to collect medicines.
The Minister said that the government is committed to eradicate these drugs through the Drug Reduction and Action Mission (DREAM).
In the men's singles, Reynel Kharbuki won by defeating Stephan Marwein and both of East Khasi won the medal. In the doubles, Reynel and Prathan Majumdar defeated Banshabor by Eastern West and Ri-Bhoi. Lamare and Milk Cleaning.
This decision was taken by the Parliamentary Party at its meeting on 30th July, after sending a letter to the Speaker of the House on Tuesday.
“Well Weather....
A debate was also held by the youth who supported and opposed the topic.
The DC of West Jaintia Hills, after talks with the JSU leaders and a group of jhur vendors, has sent for the names of those who have been destroyed and the compensation will be paid to these jhur vendors.
Sources from the Department of Commerce and Industry said that the government has issued this notice to close the gates inside Umiam Industrial which have appeared up to three gates which the department is looking for to close. tip is yours.
At the same time, the party urges the Chief Minister to take action on this issue.
“Unfortunately, this organization is being stoned every day.
The incident occurred when he fell while running before reaching the 10 km finish line in Sohra, in the veteran race. to celebrate the 25th Anniversary of the Seng.
The person (state resident) gets only the sticker fee of T.8-10 thousand while the income is for the stone traders from Bangladesh,” said Bah Nonglait.
Fantin said the Executive Committee has decided to continue the inspection of foreign shops from Professional Tax and Trading License not only in Laitumkhrah but across the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
As a result, residents from all over the villages have fled to the cities and in the cities people have fallen into the trap of poverty and deprivation.
PeonHow to apply for Peon or CleanerI want to apply for the job of PeonPeonPeonI want to work as a cleaner please contact me sir or madam.
Conrad said it is only the responsibility of the District Council to submit a decision or recommendation to the government but it will not work.
Conrad said it is sad to hear of such incidents whether they happen to Government Ministers or Public Leaders and the law will take the necessary action against those who try to disrupt the peace. happily ever after.
The taxi fare is T.26.00 for the initial journey of 10 kilometers and after 10 kilometres, it will be charged only T.13 or T. taxi fare, which is T.39.00, for the whole taxi.
On this occasion, Bah Pariat apologized by saying that such things happen especially in athletics which has the highest number of medals unlike other sports where the winners and losers have been distributed immediately.
If the government does not entertain the laws it has passed, then the courts can challenge the grant of legal redressal to the rights of teachers that they deserve. rights).
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Prabhakaran said, “This Hero IWL season is one of the knieh games to enter other leagues.
Modern thinkers say that the Khasi are related to the Monkhmers and that they came to settle in these mountains from the Northeast of Asia – from the areas of the Mekong River which flows through the to In Thailand, Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 02: The District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) in collaboration with the Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District and the District Child Protection Officer, South West Khasi Hills District has conducted a training on the necessary issues that as school children should know, do and not do.
116 swimmers including 29 women and 87 men took part in the event.
Ma Lber Laloo is one of those who have worked hard to fight in the Supreme Court to overturn the NGT order. and receive a reply by email with Ma Laloo.
The Christian belief in the Trinity is similar to the Hindu belief in the Tridev or Trimurti. In Hinduism, they also believe that there are three Supreme Gods. While Jews believe that there is only one God called “Jehovah” and Muslims believe that there is only one God (Allah).
In fact, the HSPDP had scheduled to hold the General Council on 23rd March, but due to urgent matters, the party had to submit its documents to the Election Commission in Delhi. The meeting will be held on the 16th of this month.
“It's not like that... I'm going to meet you like that.
Shillong, March 14: The Vitanta Meghalaya, the first five-star hotel in the state, was inaugurated by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on Thursday after 36 years. In the presence of Tourism Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, MTDC Chairman Saleng Sangma, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang and others.
Explaining on this issue, the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that some of the organizations which have been operating from Delhi will have to be banned. they.
Furthermore, the Seng said that the implementation of the Roster System through the Office Memorandum, has been done without proper thought or without taking into account the population between these two ethnic groups in the state.
“Do you think that a vote of sympathy can win a candidate in the election? Do you want our Sohiong people to vote for you? “Regarding the use of money, Bah Sandondor said that the money is going, but he hopes that the people will not be disappointed. and they shall not vote for those who buy them.
The AJYWO, KSU and other organizations commemorated the 159th death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah on Friday at Khliehriat.
Speaking to reporters, Garg said the Indian government has decided to bring about peace on the border between Mizoram and Assam.
JOWAI: The Meghalaya High Court on Monday decided to dismiss the petition filed by Kitbok Rymbai, former Waheh Shnong of Khilietyrshi and others against the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC). issued an order to hold the election of a new Waheh Shnong of the Dorbar Shnong Khliehtyrshi.
A mini bus (ML 05 B 8518) was hit by petrol by a few robbers, hours before the start of the night curfew.
Besides, there may be more MLAs from other parties who will join the NPP and if that happens, the NPP will be able to rule alone without the need for other political parties.
She said that if she had to play in Kolkata or Mumbai, India would have won.
When asked what changes in the environment he has seen after the construction of the well, the sordar said, “The water supply has changed, the wells have dried up, the agriculture has deteriorated, but the “It is true that since these years, the number of cancer patients in Laitduh has increased which has never happened in the past and many of them have died from cancer,” he said.
The delegation included Dr WKharshiing President, RL Blah General Secretary, along with members of the Union, including Bah EL Lytan, EL Nongrang, EG Kharbani, Gilbert G Laloo, SS Langi, Rangsan. Respect.
On this basis, the HYC Education Cell and the HYC NEHU Unit fully support the Joint Action Committee of NEHU to oppose any proposal to extend the term of office of Prof Srivastava or to re-appoint him. u in this high school.
“It is not the disease that came from our country, but it came from Bangladesh,” he said. I went to Darrang to condole the incident.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Tongkhar said that as a state, we have improved in all aspects of income, roads, health. health, education compared to the past 50 years and we should be grateful to the ancestors who have been the shapers and pioneers and now it is up to them as the youth how to accomplish to develop the state and to improve in all aspects.
In the final match of the day, in Pool A, Iapmala Utd beat Iatyllilang Hungary 1-0
Unfortunately, the Dorbar Shnongs do not have the manpower or staff to ensure that any rules they issue should be implemented in such a way that each household respects them. at the request of the Dorbar Shnong and do not violate the rules and regulations.
“Ka seng, having seen this, has also issued a demand from the state government, that it should take action in talking to the Assam government, for the removal of those factories located in the state. On the Assam side, they are in the middle of Byrnihat, because near these factories, which produce strong smoke, is the place where the people of Byrnihat live,” said Samla Ferdynald K.Kharkamni.
Lighting: You cannot use light or bright lights according to the needs of the light.
This happened on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District on Thursday at 3:00 pm at Umryngksai village.
No vehicles will be allowed to enter Lad St. Michael, Church Square or Parish Compound on that day.
He said it is easy for the government to pass an ordinance now but the MP elections are near and it is not known who will form the government in the next elections as it will be only a six month law.
Punit (right) and Abhay (left) In the match, Meghalaya beat Arunachal by 256 runs in the round V-Plate of the tournament. In the first innings, Meghalaya scored 317 runs for the loss of four wickets in 43 overs.
“Just as the science line is important, the commerce line is also important because their studies will be in the field of marketing and sales. Therefore, thousands of young people have applied for government jobs. Therefore, what is needed is in the local employment agencies and to also train the youth on this issue,” he said.
The High Commissioner for Human Rights said 18,358 civilians have died from the fighting, including 7,031 from other causes.
When the police searched her body, they found that she had covered her genitals with heavy metals. When asked by the police, she replied that he wants not to lose the slightest weapon of his manhood, because he believes that he believes that when he gets to heaven, he will be able to marry 72 virgins in paradise and that's where The reason is that he doesn't want to hurt his manhood, even a little bit.
“What I would like to express my opinion is not only to the members of the HYC but to every member of the jaitbynriew, the jaitbynriew which stands on three pillars, tip kur, tip kha, tipbriew tipblei and “It's a sad thing to see that in these few days, that nation that knows people, knows family, knows family, knows people and knows blei,” he said. and Mr. Roycoupar.
In a statement issued by the President of the All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organisation, East Jaintia Zone, the organization strongly opposes the government's plan to build a railway line in the district until it is implemented. the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Shillong, Lber 20 : The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, on Tuesday said that the law and order situation in the State has improved and the Government has decided to complete the settlement of the dispute. Speaking on the opening day of the Budget Session, Chauhan said that the border with Assam is in the remaining six areas with Assam and also to complete the peace talks with the HNLC. the safety of the Citizens, peace and provision of security is very important for the development of the State.
“We have found out who is involved and we are searching for some of the people whom we have found evidence that they are involved in this horrific murder in this district,” said one of the police chiefs.
Many of us parents treat our children very harshly and say that everything they say is right and should be obeyed or followed without hesitation.
However, the work has been stalled so far although the government has prepared to build a residence for the Harijans on Bishop Cotton Road but they have refused to leave the area.
Jowai, Lber 06: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, today issued an order to extend the curfew in Sahsniang village, West Jaintia Hills District from today.
Two persons in the vehicle, Lazarus M Sangma (40) and another passenger identified as Tengsrang CH Momin (40) of Dobasipara, Tura were taken to Civil Hospital Tura. , because they were injured.
Dingbarous Nongsiej scored two goals in the 16th and 41st minutes, while Jerry Donboklang Kharkongor scored the other in the 45th minute.
Therefore, we need to strengthen and wait for the time.
But Jesus teaches that eternal life is not only the happy life in Heaven and makes it clear that people must also receive the same Heaven here on earth.
While they were swimming, the youth suddenly fell into the river and his friends after seeing the incident tried to help him. but they could not, and the young man drowned.
Rearrange furniture, chairs, etc. in the right order.
I would like to congratulate all the participants and wish them all the best in this competition.
DAWKI: The proposal to build an Integrated Check Post (ICP) at Dawki, West Jaintia Hills District has been a blow to the entire War Jaintia Hills District. from the state government.
Referring to the match between Lumpariat and Khliehiongriang, the match between the two teams was very fierce as the match from the first half to the second half did not score. They didn't score until the end of the first half to make it 0-0
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the DC promised to take immediate action on this issue within the next few days as it has affected the electricity consumers in the village.
England's second prime minister, Nick Clegg, said today that allowing the firing of these missiles would be a bad thing in the future.
How do you deposit money without your account number?
