Puramon Kynjing, leaders of Jowai, Tuber, Ialong and Chyrmang and Langdohs.
The management of Skul Saiden together with the elders who attended the event to encourage and encourage these girls gave their blessings and best wishes to these 16 girls. They also urged the two officials to be in good health so that they can play well and win the title of winner of this tournament to bring fame and glory to the state as a whole.
Director of DSEL, who also released the Souvenir, the Lyngdoh of Lyngïong Hima, Bah HL Ryntathiang, who also lowered the flag as a sign of the closing ceremony of the Jubilee, and others.
The DSEO also informed that there are 226 teachers in Govt LP Schools while there are 226 teachers in Govt.
He said that he has been silent for three years because he respects the decision of the people.
It is to be recalled that the Teachers' Day is celebrated every year on the 5th of November in the state and India as a whole. Former President of India, Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishan, one of the greatest contributors to the development of education in India.
Shillong, K'lyngkot : Health is a great wealth, but health cannot be the path to wealth.
Another method of phone calls by candidates and parties is by pre-election promises that if they win they will do this or that, or promises to give all these things.
East Khasi Hills has 110 cases and West Jaintia Hills 23 cases.
The Commission shall serve for a term of two years from the date of issuance of the notice.
His 'khasaitpohji' status was widely reported in the newspapers of the state.
After these government officials had passed through, it was reported that three puh shilum had come, and had pulled the vehicle and thrown the stone to the side of the road. long again to drive, at 3.30 pm.
“According to the rules, the public hearing should be held at the constituency but the Delimitation Committee has called for the public hearing to be held at the KHADC office in Shillong,” said a KHNAM MDC. at the direction of the Governor.
Speaking at the briefing, u Bah Titos said that when he was elected as MLA, the first demand in the village was to look after the needs of the school. On the other hand, he has expressed his desire to upgrade the school to a Secondary School.
When asked what they do every day, they said that many of the women shop from shop to food shop and go to work while they earn money, but the men only have one or two. There are many Mesteris besides us, and many of them don't know what they are doing.
Meanwhile, the UDP Sohiong has later unanimously proposed the name of Bah Synshar Thabah to contest the MLA election. and respect the proposal of the Circle,” said Bah Titos who is also the CEM of KHADC at the same time.
The time passed, the night became dark, and when it was 12 o'clock, midnight, they all left the house of Kong Lumspah.
Art 371 (G) of Mizoram states: “No Act of Parliament shall affect the religious activities in Mizoram; as well as their customs; neither the administrative affairs nor the judicial affairs, which are governed by their customs, or their land affairs.
I believe that the readers understand this, which means that it includes all the administrative and executive authorities in the State (because the problems have spread in the State more than the Damsite)!But, ah far away! I have already seen that the Khasi will not remove their idols at all because they will become poor and will become rich at the same time, but they will worship idols and please the devil until they die. The world is destroyed, that is, until the nation is destroyed from the world, because from the sohpyut comes the ksaiñ which don't change, that's the same pyut that they create............TE PYRKHAT BHA AH KO JAITBYNRIEW WHO ARE BEING INVOLVED WITH THE PERSONALITY AND WHO ARE BEING INVOLVED WITH THE WORD THAT DOES RESPECT YOUR BEING BASHOHDALADE...!...J-...Î... D.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad K Sangma said that this is an incident that will be remembered.
Shillong Lajong FC under the leadership of Bah Bobby Nongbet produced four substitutes. Hamedamanbha Wahlang came on for Figo Syndai in the 48th minute. Ronney Willson Kharbudon came on in the 57th minute, Iohborlang Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi came on for Everbrightson in the 75th minute and Pynche Iai Tyngkan came on in the 75th minute. Wadajied Kynsai Ryngkhlem's substitution in the 75th minute.
“If you are poor, you will be despised, if you have rich, you will be despised; if you help, you will be despised.
On this occasion, the President of the Seng Samla, Bah Paul Syiemiong, strongly condemned the behavior of the people who live near and far from this river. plastic bottles, hoogis, jainjot, in which it is no longer clear that it is the Wah, because it is filled with unrecognizable garbage.
“Desire never ends,” said Alfred Marshal (economist).
He added that he did not see any showcause notice or understanding from the Government of India regarding this and he did not call us to explain if there was any mistake and if there was any mistake. If you are wrong, you will be sent a notice.
The Bill has three Chapters, 48 ​​Sections and three Schedules.
“We will sit together as a group and get an understanding on these issues and there are many issues that need to be discussed. now”.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has expressed its deep concern over the proposal to implement the National Education Policy (NEP), 2020 in all the colleges affiliated to the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU).
On the other hand, KSU President Lobingwell Mukhiya said the main purpose of the meeting was to protest against the two wildlife sanctuaries, Barak Bhubon Sanctuary and Borail Wildlife Sanctuary.
The opening ceremony of the Kiew Ksing was held by Rgh Diben Syiemlieh in the presence of Rgh Donbokstar Kurkalang and other members. the committee of the Tymmen Association, the Khasi Mother Association.
Shillong, Lber 26: The North Eastern Hill University Students' Union (NEHUSU) has strongly condemned the RSS and ABVP members for allegedly assaulting NEHUSU Vice President Samla Easterson Sohtun on the 25th of this month. month.
Nongpoh: U Samla Tyngshain Makri, President of Lumdaitkhla Youth Wing and Samla Banteilang Lapang of Umroi Nongrah, have lodged a complaint against Banjop Maring and August Nongrum, on the grounds that they have assaulted them. at a place in Bhoirymbong, Ri Bhoi District.
The Director of Community and Rural Development, Akash Deep, said that the department has done its utmost to implement the scheme.
He said that the reason for the escape was because they were afraid of the arrival of people in vehicles with weapons and they intended to attack and take their lives.
Furthermore, the rally scheduled to be held tomorrow, August 17, was canceled after the meeting.
Chana has 39 wives, 94 children, 14 brothers-in-law, 33 grandchildren and one great-grandchild.
However, he said that the government and the Railways have not yet consulted the Council for the NoC. Research in East Jaintia Hills has been successful for the construction of a railway line in the area.
In the U-13 Girls Single category, Wanritngen Mawlieh won the title, in the U-16 Girls Single category, Ibanpynhun Shisha won the title and in the U-19 Girls Single category, Shimtihun won the title. you are the winner.
There is one ferro alloy plant in West Khasi Hills, seven in Ribhoi and two in Ribhoi.
Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga on Tuesday announced that Union Home Minister Amit Shah will visit the state this month. He will also inaugurate the new headquarters of the Assam Rifles at Aizawl on the 17th of this month.
“Vehicle theft has increased in the state after the implementation of the HSRP,” said Jyrwa.
From time to time, we are monitoring not only this but also reckless driving,” he said.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 14: As the day approaches for the election to the Legislative Assembly, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Mawhati constituency has announced its voice and intention to bring about The BJP Mawhati Madan today held a public meeting at Khyndewso Village, where the party will win the 2023 election in Mawhati Constituency. Many leaders and supporters from other parties have joined the BJP with the intention of bringing about change after the elections as the BJP is also the ruling party in India. other.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress (MPMC) on Tuesday said that the BJP is looking forward to the elections. How to remove or end the Congress from Meghalaya in 2023, he should have done his homework first and looked around at the situation of the BJP, especially in the defeat in West Bengal by Mamata Banerjee's TMC and the decline in income, especially the increase in petrol and diesel prices.
“Mukul has talked many times to AICC leaders including Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi to authorize them to remove them but they have not allowed him to do so,” he said. talked recently.
The inauguration ceremony was led by the Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, Principal Health Secretary Sampath Kumar, Infosys Chairman Nandan Nilekani, 10BedICU Chairman Srikanth Nadhumuni, Founder of Karuna Trust, Dr Sudarshan Hanumappa on health experts and scientist Nichiket Mor.
Rangdajied were without leading players Chesterpaul Lyngdoh and Samuel Shadap, who were absent from the team and Donboklang Lyngdoh, who was suspended.
Dr War said that there are only four ALS Ambulances in the state, one at Step Down Hospital in Umsawli, one in Shalang, one in Laitkynsew which was received from SPDS and one at NEIGRIHMS Hospital.
In 2014, the Congress had nominated Daryl William Ch Momin but he too was defeated by Purno.
and B.Sc.
Media reports said that Bah Pynshngaiñ has been aware of the political situation in KHADC which could affect his seat and he has now become very careful lest his seat suddenly collapse. .
Shibun said that so far, talks have been held only with Antonio, but other MDCs who have left the Congress have not come to discuss whether they want to join the BJP. It is understood that the BJP can accept if these MDCs are willing to join the party but they will hold a meeting to take a decision.
Your CUET has 13 Tien I May.
MBS&G West Jaintia Hills District Secretary MBS&G West Jaintia Hills spoke about the foundation and mission of Bharat Scouts & Guides while Octomeowt Lamin MDC JHADC as one of the honored members recalled his work in the Scouts-Guides Movement. which are the great benefits of your human being.
She was arrested by the police after an FIR was lodged by MUDA employees alleging that she was opposed to the attempt to rob people's homes.
He said that the state government is trying to find ways to mine uranium and warned the agents of the government of India and UCIL that one day the the nation shall bear their iniquity.
Baghdadi's wife was reportedly traveling with forged documents and was arrested 40 days ago.
The absence of top players has been an opportunity for Malki SC who are on the verge of relegation from the SPL. to the bottom of the table counting points by earning 4 points.
This book is a collection of information about the struggle of the Pnars against the British troops which ended with the betrayal and assassination of the Pnar leader Kiang Nangbah.
The man who invited the people through social media posts is Sengbath D Sangma.
So those who were not resurrected in the first resurrection, will have to be resurrected in the second resurrection after 1000 years.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: A Sub Inspector of Unarmed Police Branch, Ri Bhoi District, Amit Sinha, was killed in a car accident in Gurgoan, Delhi on Saturday morning.
Not to please men but to please God.
Nartiang MLA and Minister of State for Government Sniawbhalang Dhar also donated ₹25 lakh for the construction of the house inside.
Two reasons for the failure to implement the ILP and the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule are that the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangam is not yet qualified to sit as CM or that he does not take care of the demands, he said.
At first, they were only shepherds who went to Domiasiat.
They said that the land for the police station has already been prepared by the villagers in Sildubi and if the government has a responsibility for the peace and order in the area, it will. should be implemented as soon as possible for the benefit of the people of the area.
Speeches were also delivered by KHNAM, Bah Erwin Sutnga, Lawyer, Longkmie and others who expressed their deep sorrow over the incident which has brought shame to the state and the country. The Khasi people are in a terrible situation.
The Seng strongly warns the foreigners not to think that just because they have received NOCs from the villages, they have been able to come and work and enter the villages in the district. The union will not allow anyone to come to work in the district and demands that those villages which have issued NOC should withdraw immediately.
Israel says 313 people have been killed in Gaza in the offensive led by the Israel Defense Forces. they reached 613 cases.
He has now been handed over to the police.
Their speech in the legislature is to all, including the educated.
To promote the principles of equality, cooperation and freedom of speech and expression.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Hashah also expressed his concern over the plight of the border residents with Bangladesh.
It is also a fact that many farmland have been owned by those who do not have the knowledge and skills in agriculture and livestock farming.
Metbah said that it is for this reason that the UDP and HSPDP, which are the old national parties, have come together to unite in the MP election by nominating only one candidate. each.
Although the landslide in many places, has not caused any tragic incidents, but in order to avoid tragic incidents, the DC of Ri Bhoi, has urged the drivers of vehicles inside the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi, to be vigilant to avoid tragic incidents.
Dukini also explained to the students that apart from the 3 hours of reading their textbooks at school, they also need to read other types of books and the most important thing for them to read is as She said that it is necessary to read magazines, sports news and to know the latest news. story books such as novels because such books help in another area how to improve and refine the sentences.
Shillong: Amita Sangma, who was shot dead along with Agnes in Sohshrieh, has accused Nidamon Chullet of shooting her on 8th November 2018 in Sohshrieh.
After the discussion on the IOA & AA, there was a discussion on the amendments to the Sixth Schedule which the Government of India has already prepared. The State Government to express the need to clarify and amend some of the issues under these new amendments to the Sixth Schedule especially in relation to the Village Councils and Municipal Councils within the boundary of the Sixth Schedule. Schedule.
Other issues raised by the SWSRJ should take action to check the illegal entry of foreigners into the district and to increase the security as if the mynder is allowed to enter the district it will affect the district and the state.
He said this would help to ensure that the Khasi language will be recognized by being included in the 10th Schedule of the Constitution.
Those who wish to support approved TB patients can visit the NIKSHAY web portal (www.nikshay.
Bah Staising Kharbteng, Thainthynroh, Lyngiong LyngdohshipThe struggle for the independence of India from the hands of the British who have been in power for nearly 200 years by the leaders of our country has been very difficult because the French Government's decision not to hand over the Indians to self-government.
Prof Laloo said that 3566 SMCs have been trained in blocks of 11 districts in the state and 213858 teachers have been trained till 31st October
As Scheduled Tribes, we feel that the implementation of the UCC is unacceptable in the State,” said the CEM of KHADC. In the same vein, the three ADCs have passed a resolution on the Citizenship Amendment Act.
“The North East is a place of minorities and they have already faced problems. If other ethnic groups are allowed to invade, it will cause serious harm to the indigenous peoples. ," he said.
When asked whether he agreed to convene a dorbar to discuss the matter, Dr Sangma did not answer and left the room.
“What I know is that Dr. Mukul Sangma has no plan and if he wins 3-4 seats he will join the BJP. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Prestone.
Those who will join in the coming days are Hamlet Dohling, Jason Sawkmie and Samlin Malngiang.
In his speech, Rajnath Singh directed the eight states of the North East to expedite the implementation of various pending projects in their states and to ensure the full needs of funds allocated for these projects.
More than 200 leaders from different states from 20 states expressed their concerns and after discussion, it was seen that there is hope for the farmers. Ri u he three.
Daniel said that this statement is wrong and inappropriate, adding that this Act cannot prevent the entry of foreigners and only the Inner Line Permit can. to prevent the illegal entry of Mynder and foreigners.
The most important thing to do now is to STOP THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN HYNNIEWTREP GIRLS AND MYNDER (Foreigners, Foreigners, Khaitpohjar, wild donkeys, wild cows, wild pigs) who come in various forms.
Dippu Ch Sangma scored 5/54 in the second tied innings for Arunachal Pradesh. State beat Arunachal Pradesh for 238 runs in 84.5 overs.
Heprit Everbloom Nongrum, 10, is the second child of Banrikerlin Nongrum and Shanskhem Khongbuh, who have three children, two daughters and a son.
He said that if the MDC elections will be held at any time, the MDCs are ready and it is up to the Government or the Governor to postpone the MDC elections and to implement the arrangements of the constituencies.
Including the registration fee Syiem Raij, the Dorbar Shnong office bearers want too much commission, here to improve the village, phewse shu plan – duman to the people to eat and drink with the money of others.
About 1.1 billion people practice Hinduism.
He said that the area is on the border of India and Bangladesh and the Council will look into the report of the Mawkhar MDC on this.
Shillong, Lber 24: Sohra MLA Titosstar Wel Chyne has urged the government to implement the new scheme for the renewal of the government's dewbilat company MCCL. He said that the government's delay in releasing the funds for the renovation of the MCCL has put the factory in trouble.
This part of the ground has been covered with tarpaulin to protect it from the rain.
Banteidor in MDA-1 is the Minister of Architecture, Sports and others.
“I don't care about the criticism and the beatings here and there because the person wearing the musari doesn't even have the opportunity to be beaten but those who work in the fields, the rice are infected with dozens of kinds of insects. said Mr. Nongrem.
“The government has no choice but to follow this order,” said one of the officers of the state education department.
The annual check-up fee for all government employees is 2000 per annum.
JOWAI : The Health Department of West Jaintia Hills District has celebrated the World Oral Health Day with the theme “Say Ah! Act on Mouth Health" at Ummulong CHC on Tuesday.
In another statement sent by the President of the party, Samla Edmund K.Khongngai, he strongly condemned the stingy behavior of the BSF which is the border guard force of India and the state government which has been too stingy. without taking action at this time because of the Corona Virus which all the people of the state are afraid and refuse to gather people or go to the market due to the government's ban.
On the issue of water supply, the Minister of Public Health Engineering (PHE), Bah Samlin Malngiang, said that the government has already signed an agreement with the Hima and Elaka rulers regarding the implementation of the Greater Water Supply. Shillong Water Supply Project and to build a water treatment plant from the Umiew River in Mawphlang.
There have been 3,780 deaths and 3.82 lakh new cases of coronavirus in India in the past 24 hours.
Have you thought about how you want the Khasi society to move forward? You are now in the midst of Darkness – Return to the Age of Kñi! (Imat kan ym lah long) Or remove the Father by giving him authority (as the world does) and if there is a divorce, he should be bound by the Law to live and raise. to him.
“We have discussed the salary and our demand is that it should be paid according to the job but the government does not agree on this and we have demanded to double the salary and 30 percent CTC Annual. increase," said Mr. Roipar.
Conrad said that on the part of the Police Department, the main need expressed is the need for more resources and personnel to curb the entry of drugs across the villages. that thaw.
“The tactics they are trying will not burn down the house of the Congress party,” said Bah Lapang.
The Hindu militant group, the Sangh Parivar and its offshoots, such as the RSS, are trying to include the Adivasis as a Hindu community and claim to be Vanvasi. the forests are btap.
Other speakers included the Head Teacher of UP School, Kong IW Suliang, Professor Phlegon Syndai of UCC College.
The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, inaugurated the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 at the PA Sangma Stadium in Tura.
In a letter to the Director of Urban Affairs, the Nokma of Chasingre, Edenbari, Allotgre and Me'gonggre have expressed their opposition to the proposal. floor.
Due to the non-release of the funds until the Financial Year 2018-2019, the National Health Mission, Meghalaya has not been able to pay the tax to the ASHAs.
It was witnessed that during the raid, some foreign shopkeepers fled as soon as they learned of the raid by the HNYF and some Khasi shopkeepers expressed their anger and They also said, “You have come to touch our plate of food, we don't agree”.
Speaking to media on July 19, he said, “What appears in the No-Confidence motion is that they have given their own No-Confidence motion without a vision.
There are also those who canvas (khroh) in the middle of the line.
He stressed the need for such initiatives to bring hope and improve income, especially after the Covid-19 pandemic.
She said that although the hospital falls under the jurisdiction of the central government, but as the state government it has its own role, which is to be the ears and eyes to monitor the working methods and to inform the Central Government for action.
“It's too late to hold the meeting, why don't they hold it in Motphran when all the market dwellers are present?” he said.
Shillong, Iaiong 25: The temperature in Shillong has reached 28 degrees Celsius this morning, according to the weather forecasters. In Guwahati, the temperature reached 40 degrees Celsius while in Nagpur, Maharashtra, it exceeded 42 degrees Celsius.
According to Paragraph 3 (a) of the Sixth Scheduled, Syiem said that only the words of gift, occupancy or use of the land are written.
The song is sung and composed by SF Mylliemngap and the artist is Wonderson Mylliemngap.
In a meeting with the officers of the PWD department, Bah Prince Sylliang said that if they give their promise, they will improve the road within the next few months. He will soon lift the ban on the canal.
Walinda's mother said that she had a video-call with them on 26th June and told her husband that everything was going well. for being selected by the University as the best fashion designer.
The Khasi Hill Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has taken action to clean up these two rivers but this has ended only in the shikhyllipmat which can be said to be only a day's rongphong or a festival of shondur on the day of cleansing and on the opening ceremony.
“For my part, I have done the best I can without leaving behind any obstacles and I am proud that I have fulfilled my duty and now it is up to the government. “I don't know what to do,” said Justice T Vaiphei.
Like men, women have equal value, power and authority.
God looks at the heart of man, not as we do.
The speakers on the occasion said that as of now, the indigenous people have been protesting from time to time against the infiltration of the authorities but the intention of the Government of India to introduce this Bill is like it encourages the authorities to enter these small states.
Mawphlang MLA Bah Matthew B Kurbah has questioned whether the project can be completed in July, as there are no signs of implementation of the project.
“For the above reason, I have resigned from this post, because I don't want the work of the State Government to be delayed.
He said that his decision on this matter was taken after examining the file which shows that for most of the term of office of Kong Toi, she did not participate in the elections. the main meetings of the Commission.
He said that by June 2023, there are more than 7000 people living with HIV in the State who have registered with the Society and there are about 4700 people who are taking ART.
“Last year, the price of kyngam was T.70-80 per kilo but now it has dropped to more than half a kilo,” said one of the elders.
On the other hand, Subodh Kumar praised Phidalia Toi.
The main reason for the opposition to the upgradation of Jarain PHC to Sub-Divisional Hospital is that Jarain PHC is located outside the Head Quarter.
“If they are oppressed, we too will retaliate, eye for eye, tooth for tooth.
“However, JSM leaders Leningstar Rymbai, JSM President Ohibait Dkhar, KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit and others did not hesitate and stood up to express their opposition to the JSM. Star Cement's mining project.
She also alleged that the NPP-led MDA government has protected the people who are corrupt.
The residents are advised to complain to the Deputy if they find that FPS dealers inside the centers are not accepting the price of Khaw without AAY and PHH Ration Card except Non-NFSA Ration Card. Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone toll free No.1697, or call District Grievances Officer East Jaintia Hills District.
Mairang: The Congress MDC from Mairang, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang, along with his leaders, has joined the National People's Party (NPP) in the Lok Sabha elections. The meeting was held at Mission Compound, Mairang.
The people have decided to elect the BJP to hold power and to implement their promises and the people have decided not to elect leaders who will return only in five years. Jowai, Jymmang 08: The National General Secretary of the BJP, Tarun Chugh today visited Madanpynkai Nangbah to hold a meeting with the members of the Karyakartas. 3-Raliang Mandal and also to encourage the party candidate Lakhon Biam before he goes for scrutiny at the office of the DC Jowai.
Students of Kiang Nangbah Government College Students Union (KNGCSU) have demanded the relocation of the Isolation Ward from Kiang Nangbah Government College and to other places to avoid affecting the society. The KNGCSU has urged the state government and the Deputy Commissioner of WJHD to relocate the hostel.
HML Kynta, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, will be the Convener and SKshiar, MFS, Treasury Officer will be the member of the Committee.
She said that the relevant authorities and the government have not taken any action on this issue in the past five years.
Therefore, we need to love and respect all the laws of nature.
The meeting was conducted by Bah L. Nongrang, Secretary, Pyndengumïong Dorbar Shnong and speeches were delivered by Gilbert Laloo, Secretary, Upper Shillong Rangbah Shnong Union, Grossper Ryntathian, one of the elders of Mairang.
Julia Ryngkhlem also delivered a speech.
On the other hand, CYC Spain Pyrhut took six wickets in seven overs.
LSG captain KL Rahul has been fined for the Indian Premier League (LSG) match against Rajasthan Royals. the highest price of Rs 12 lakh.
Magistrates of West Jaintia Hills District as part of the implementation of the order of the Meghalaya High Court to put 'Vaccinated or Not Vaccinated' on commercial vehicles and shops indicating that they have been vaccinated and not vaccinated against COVID-1 They went to Iawmusiang market and distributed the letters they had prepared on Thursday.
The President of the HYC Bhoirymbong Circle, Samla Tyngshain Makri, and many members of the HYC from the Circle were led by the President of the Bhoirymbong Circle.
It is learned that these men are from Bangladesh and have been living illegally in a house and have been running a prostitution business for several years. Bangladesh, to work as a prostitute and on that day, they tortured her, because she did not pay them any more money, from the income she used to earn, from the prostitution.
They have been asked to become teachers for 4 or 5 months and they have died.
It is to be recalled that the UDP has been allied with the Congress in the Coalition Government for the past few years.
The teaser of the film has already been released on the YouTube Channel and the film will be released in June.
Similarly, the CAMPA schemes funded by the Central Government have brought about economic development to the community by creating income opportunities. part of the population.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition in the House, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the four remaining MLAs in the Congress party will work hard to ensure that the 12 MLAs who have resigned Speaking to reporters after the meeting of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP), the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) said that they have already lodged a complaint. They have filed a complaint against the two MLAs who have left the Congress party without any grounds on the 10th of this month.
“We have requested the Chief Minister to cancel the personal interview for post groups C and D and to allow the written test and to appoint according to the result of the written test.
Several elders from Rambrai area were invited to listen and give their opinions and Bah KP Pangniang MLA and MDC who resigned was also invited to explain to the public the reason for his resignation. He was elected MDC by the people and won with dignity.
Shillong: The Khliehriat Bar Association, today 20th November 2021, held an Advance Christmas Celebration with the Persons with Disabilities at its office. Ephphatha Society at Ieng Swer Memorial English School, Dkhiah West.
“We have talked to the officers of MeCEL, we have found that they are working hard and skilled in this field,” said Bah Mawthoh.
The Minister's remarks caused a stir in the House, as the members of the House laughed at the fact that Bah Pynshngain and Dr Mukul Sangma are very close.
New Delhi: There is a saying that even the smallest has its own change and that has happened today, when an Air India flight, which was supposed to fly from Delhi to London, crashed. The reason for this was that they had entered the business class seat of the plane.
In Meghalaya, the ethnic parties do not unite when it comes to forming a coalition government.
A special speech on the theme of this special day was delivered by Assistant Professor Banpynkhembha Papang, Vice-Principal of the College, Senior Program Officer, NSS Unit who conducted the meeting.
“You are trying to pull in just because they are helping others,” he said. “What they want, they will get.
There are constituencies where the people have renewed their leaders and there are also those who are still being re-elected by the people in their constituencies.
Later, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit came forward to search for the talented people who have succeeded through the transformation and after being encouraged by the members of the community to form the Voice of the People Party.
Regarding the air, the people need clean and safe air to breathe.
In Fair Haven, you don't have a mayor.
The decision of the three parties will come into force from Monday 15th of this month.
He said that the country's introduction of technology will provide a lot of assistance in the breeding of pigs, goats, cows, cattle and others.
In a public announcement of the march, which was attended by senior Congress leaders, Rahul Gandhi strongly condemned the BJP Government over the bloodshed in Manipur.
On this issue, Bah Dundee said that it is useless to look back on the past as it will lead to the same problem involving the government and the people of the state.
PER.222/71/138, Dated Shillong, the 12th January, 1972) and the Roster System announced through the Office Memorandum, dated 10th May 2022 (OM) based on the decision of the Meghalaya High Court (Case no. .
The United States has the highest number of cases with 83,553 cases and 1,205 deaths.
This is the goal of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to ensure economic development for the North East.
Your mind is too quick.
The matches tomorrow will be between Iooksi Youth Welfare vs. Pasyih Cultural and Sports Club at 11 pm, Mookynphad Mihmyntdu vs. Risingsun Mukhla at 1 pm and Mukhla. Umlangshor will play against Nonglatem at 3 pm.
All four of them have received pension from the government.
“On this day as a nation which is facing many difficulties, struggles and challenges of various kinds which aim to destroy us as a nation we would like to call upon all of us that we need unity. “We are united as a nation so that we can fight with one hand against all the challenges,” said Hamlet Dohling.
Referring to the tourism sector, Titos said that the group will soon meet with the Minister of Tourism who is also the UDP MLA to discuss the issue. to guest houses, home stays, as they should receive and other schemes to encourage land owners to increase their income.
Shillong, March 11: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) at Lumpynngad Shillong is the only testing center for small vehicles, except heavy vehicles.
SHILLONG : The CoMSO, after meeting with the employees of GVK EMRI under the banner of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) who are holding an indefinite strike, has decided to support the demands of GVK EMRI. that their demand is well-founded.
The national teams from the men's/women's categories for the two tournaments are: Men's singles: Manraj Singh, Ayush Shetty, Lokesh Reddy K., GaganWomen's singles: Rakshitha Sree S., Shreya Lele , Jiya Rawat, Aalisha NaikMen's doubles: Bhavya Chhabra/Param Choudhary, Divyam Arora/Mayank RanaWomen's doubles: Vennala K.-Shreyanshi Valishetty, Vaishnavi Khadkekar-Sania SikandarMixed doublesR. car .
Speaking to reporters, HYC Rambrai Circle General Secretary Lasmonroy Pariong said that the most dangerous thing about the river is that there are several timber factories near the river. They also dispose of the waste from these factories into the river.
So let the investigation begin and let the law do its own thing.
If in the future, the government continues to try to ban “Ka Jingrwai Prah” we will continue to talk about it.
Instead of looking for ways and means to bring about the aspirations of the children of the district, he has handed them over to the law without thinking of those who want to help the children of the district,” he said. Furthermore, the news that these four persons were released.
Khana bbtengThen one of Lanosha's brothers came and said, “Dih noh shuwa ka sha.
Pope St. John Paul II has honored the people of Jharkhand by promoting and appointing Archbishop Telesphore Toppo as one of the Cardinals on 21st March,
The Prime Minister has called a meeting of all parties just to satisfy one person.
Shillong, July 16 : Meghalaya will play their first home match against Bihar in the semifinal of the Ranji Trophy from the Plate Group which starts tomorrow at the Polo Ground.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Chief Judicial Magistrate, Jowai, on Tuesday rejected a complaint filed by former CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Ma Don Rymbai. Pynpohun Majaw, President JYF, who has been accused of demanding T.5 lakh from Ma Don Rymbai through his Polling Agent/Counting Agent during the MDC election, has also lodged a complaint. Pynpoihun told the police that if he does not give the money, he will accuse him of his political activities.
The Sub Center at Tyrsad was inaugurated by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong in the presence of MLA Eugeneson Lyngdoh and the Sub Center at Thynroit was inaugurated by Banteidor Lyngdoh. Minister of Agriculture, Rural Development and Sports in the presence of MDC Bah MN Mukhim.
Starwin Kharjana, president of the union, said that the union's intention to strike is because the government has not yet believed in the demands of the union members. They should first apply for permission from the District Administration.
However, the TSA cannot accept or allow them because the TSA Constitution Article 7(c) and 12(b) clearly states that those who can attend TSA meetings are only those who enter from The MFA has suspended the TSA for this reason. The TSA is alive at all times, the suspension of tournaments in all disciplines it is only in the case of Covid-1
Rikmanchi has taken 10 wickets in four matches. The second semi final will be played today between Shillong Cricket Association and Shillong Cricket Association. Tura DCA won the first place in Zone 1 Group B and Tura DCA won the second place in Zone
The race started from Pedonng village in Lava, West Bengal.
In these short times, we have had the opportunity to discuss with our fellow MDCs in the council how as leaders empowered by the people, they should find ways and means to maintain the the powers of the Council by improving the working methods of the council, but we regret that these recommendations are useless and this could lead to serious harm in the future to the extent that lose completely from here on out if it continues to work like this.
Sacred Heart 'B' team came third.
“We have requested funds from the central government to plant sara trees in Lailad.
According to a letter of order from the office of the DC East Khasi Hills District, dated 9th November, 2021, the Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong has authorized and permitted to start collecting parking fees ( parking fee) from all vehicles including four wheelers, two wheelers and others parked along the Mawkhar Road according to the prescribed fee.
Paul refers to the times of evil days as he wrote to the Ephesians by saying – “Finally be strong in the Lord
The programme, which was held last month, was sponsored by the Government of Meghalaya, through the Department of Sports & Youth Affairs, in collaboration with the Department of Education. ' is not implemented by AVENUES, Shillong.
He said that as the land for the police station is small and cramped, he requested the Dorbar Shnong to take action to provide a larger land for the police station. this is the police station.
In 3 months, corona has killed only 3,15,000 people while cancer has killed more than 11,68,000 people worldwide.
Earlier, the EM said that the current EC does not want the school assistance system to become biased as it was in the past where some constituencies have received more while others have received more assistance. those who are in the Governing Body have only one or two schools.
In the Under-14 Boys, Lamin beat Chess Star SS 9-1 while RC Eve SS beat Mihmyntdu 5-0
The United Democratic Party (UDP) won the second largest number of MLAs with 11 seats.
The marriage went smoothly and by the time he proposed to Katrina, the fire was still burning on the back of her body and the love affair went smoothly, without any interruption.
It depends on their will.
A.Lyngkhoi, Block Program Manager, National Health Mission, presented the status report of Mawkyrwat Block.
The tournament was held at the indoor and outdoor range of the Assam Regimental Center at Happy Valley.
The tournament was inaugurated by the ADC of West Khasi Hills, Bah Valentine Swer, MCS. not just to end up halfway.
“What do you cook, son?” asked the mother. “I cook with pork and tyrso, which is good enough to make syrwa,” said the son. "Oh yes, mother," came the son's memory of his mother's story.
The DGP said that the police can maintain peace and order on their own and fight against the insurgency in Garo Hills.
The union gave an example that in East Jaintia Hills there are many dewbilat factories, but dewbilat is still more expensive inside the state than outside the state and only 80% of the state residents are employed in dewbilat factories. social engagement.
One of the most serious is the way we eat.
This salary calculation by some of the employees has put the employees in great distress and anxiety, especially in these days when the price of essential commodities has risen sharply.
Your job as parents is to give them advice and not to force them to listen to your advice.
“We have not asked for an estimate yet, as the use is ongoing and the cost is high due to the importation and use of imported machinery,” James said.
He also criticized the Congress party, saying that the Congress party cannot be equal to the BJP even after 40 years, because the party has its own strategies and the BJP has The BJP has 215 offices in the country which have just been completed. 512 new buildings are under construction and 16 buildings were inaugurated today and 7 foundation stones were laid in Bihar for the construction of the party's headquarters.
The office bearers of the BJYM South West Khasi Hills District were confirmed at the Indoor Stadium, Mawkyrwat.
It is only a program and the future of this scheme depends on the continued implementation of the program which is also the policy of the Government of India.
It would be good for the Ministry of Education to think carefully about this issue, as we know that the work of running schools is like selling cakes at Christmas these days. but if the cake is too small, there is a reason why no one wants to eat it.
Regarding the opposition of the Lympung ki Hynriew Shnong, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said that the District Council and the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima will have to sit down to discuss the issue. discussed the ways and means to open some shops in Iewduh.
When asked about Sharad Pawar's group's violence against the MLAs who joined his group, Ajit Pawar said they would look into their rights. reported the news.
Shillong, November 06: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPFU) has celebrated its 5th Anniversary at Mynthong District Library, Jowai.
Akash Kumar scored 30 runs while Shubham of Nagaland scored 5/4
However, Bah Pala said the Government should take steps to investigate and understand how much the influx of foreigners affects, and how much the State needs development works, because the people need to grow. progressed in many ways with the passage of time.
Speaking to reporters after the inspection of all the roads in these villages, the MLA said, “After the visit of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to Nongstoiñ, On the 7th of July, he saw that many of the roads in Nongstoiñ were badly damaged and he asked me whether I had sent any proposal. A proposal has been sent for the improvement of roads in each village under Nongstoiñ.
Regarding the release of hostages at this time, many countries have urged Israel to stop the war until Hamas releases all those it has kidnapped, so that that the threat of war will also avoid affecting these people in Gaza.
“Regarding the documents submitted before getting permission according to the building by-law, in the RTI report, they have changed my documents and they have returned the documents asked for on the pata".
The Sunfeast Cup 2022 was inaugurated by Bah Primson Makdoh as the chief guest in the presence of Aibor Khongjee, ADC Ri Bhoi, Bah M Tongper, Bah PB Sylliang. , Bah Sumar Swer President LJWDA and other dignitaries.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: The Minister of Agriculture, Deborah C Marak, on Tuesday said that many government works have been affected and collapsed due to the protests by the Sengbhalang and the meat processing plant. in Mawlai is one of the buildings affected by the protests.
The question is, why does he not allow others to pray in the manner of prayer of mercy and forgiveness? The lookdown method of prayer is clean in the sight of God.
Lorenza led the country to the NKF NG Indian Kickboxing Team led by CA Tamboli who won 15 medals. including one gold, 5 silver and 9 bronze medals.
Congratulating Dr. Kharlukhi, Bah Banteidor said, “I am grateful to the Hon'ble MP Rajya Sabha for visiting this village and for his cooperation to promote the work. tourism in the area.
In the last elections, the NPP, BJP, Congress, TMC, UDP, Janata Dal (United), RPI, RPI (A), VPP, HSPDP, PDF and independent parties have won hundreds of thousands. candidates from 59 constituencies.
In other words, it will pass separately from the areas that are a little farther away from the villages in the sharing of Lum Diengiei, that is, before it comes out in the north of Baniun.
There are two types of smart meters that we can install at home, they are prepaid and postpaid meters.
One of the leaders of the committee, Rakkam Sangma, said Bangladesh has not implemented the agreement in 1972 and 1975, which was signed between the two countries, for the construction of the 150 yards from the border.
SHILLONG: The Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) has decided to strike indefinitely from 12.30 pm today, due to the silence of the government and GVK EMRI to implement the demands of the workers. union even after the expiry of the period of up to two months.
Therefore, the residents who used to pass through this road have requested the office of the Executive Engineer PWD (Road) Ranikor Division and also the leaders of the area to allocate or give directed to the employers or contractors to do their duty so that the public will not be in trouble in traveling by vehicle.
Speaking to reporters, FKJGP Publicity Secretary Morningstar Puwein said that the reason why the FKJGP is suspicious of the construction of the house is due to the construction and the speed of construction. They also brought in the resources such as puh shilum to complete the house in a few months and the Seng does not expect it to be a private house.
And one of those occasions appears in the story of the feeding of thousands of hungry people (Mark 6:33-44).
This happened at about 12 noon on Tuesday.
In Assam, in the incident at Umsning Bridge opposite the Veterinary Office, the victims have received compensation even though the jeep they were riding in mistakenly stopped the state bus.
The meeting also discussed how to strengthen the party in the area in preparation for the 2023 MLA elections.
Shillong, June 7: Leaders of the HSPDP, Fenela L Nonglait, have stood in Motphran to campaign for the UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh.
Israel expects Iran to launch an attack on the country after June 5, the last Wednesday of the holy month of Ramadan. It is Jerusalem Day, when Israel supports the Palestinian people.
The driver of the truck, who was sleeping inside, was shocked by the sound of heat from inside the truck and when he got up, he slammed the door of the vehicle to save himself. The door was opened to one of the robbers who was standing outside the truck.
These organizations include the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), the MPUF, the Ri-bhoi Youth Organization (RBYO), the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM), Saindur Tipkur Tipkha Ehrngiew Hynniewtrep (STIEH) and the Meghalaya People's Social Organization (MPSO).
Along with the sound of bombs, ksing and singing, the Dur Blei Durga was carried from Iung Blai to the Myntang River and near the Myntang River before the breaking of the Blei, a Blang was sacrificed.
“The STP is working hard to confiscate all sound emission tyres.
Noting that there are many issues against the MDA government in Meghalaya, the AITC leader also referred to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between Meghalaya and Assam. many places in Assam which is against the will of the people”.
He was the Chief Executive Member or CEM of the United Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council in 1966-6
However, to convince us in that way is something that the Union as a whole does not like.
“The land of the Nongkhlaw Kur will remain with the government as a government land but what is needed is for the Kur to arrange for household reasons to get compensation from the government,” said another expert.
The truth is that everyone should be blamed for the Telengana cause.
The arseng said that the death of these two youths has caused great concern to the family members and the public of Jowai as well as to the Sengbhalang who have witnessed with their own eyes the incident. They say that the death by hanging from a brick door is strange and unimaginable.
Who beat Who will be used if you are in all directions.
Earlier, the KSU leaders urged the Minister to immediately take action against the documents of many students who intend to study medicine on behalf of the state government. and doubts about the documents used to get the doctoral scholarship from the Meghalaya government.
JOWAI: Mowkaiaw MLA Ma Nujorki Sungoh has apologized to the border residents for not being able to bring a Police Outpost to Psiar village on Tuesday on the occasion of the Silver Jubilee of Psiar Upper Primary School and the foundation stone laying ceremony. Psiar Secondary School.
Shillong, Lber 31: Two BSF personnel were seriously injured in an IED blast by the GNLA at 1:30 pm today.
The SP urged the current VDPs to work hard, as the VDPs themselves are the right hand and left hand of the police and if the VDPs are responsible, the work will be done. It helps the police to curb crime.
“The most severe Hima in Assam are Raid Marwet and Jirang Hima,” said the President of KSU NKH. The president of KSU NKH said that he does not know how many areas have been destroyed in Assam but the destruction of Assam has been very strong since the beginning. continues to this day.
These displaced families are now temporarily living in the land of their relatives and some are living in the land arranged by the village.
This ceremony was also held in other parishes.
Who gave them permission to set up an office on the border of Sam Nongmensong?? The Youth Wing has not been able to sit idly by since the day this news came out. don't cut your headquarters.
However, I know when these two MLAs stand up and speak, if the whole House is silent, we want the MLAs of Meghalaya 2018-2023 to be clever and able to read in the House.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Leaders of 46 villages today met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ Syiem to inform him that he should issue a No Objection Certificate (NOC) for uranium. The UCIL has not yet constructed a 2 lane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah.
Himanta Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, has strongly praised the decision of the two states, saying it is a memorable one.
The descendants of Ma Kerios Wahlang are survived by four children, two sons and two daughters, a middle son who died earlier in 1998, along with about 17 grandchildren.
She also spoke on the issue of approval of ASHA workers who have already signed up for the job, stressing on the need for the government to issue ID cards in order to access the services. they didn't get it.
Regarding this, the village leaders have decided to collect ration on the 18th July 2023, but they have not received any ration even to enter the village. and the storehouse was not found in them.
The Seng recalls that on 23rd August 2010, they as bookies of Shillong held a meeting at the Basic Training School in Malki in which about 200 members attended.
This will make these businessmen who do not have proper education and statesmanship quality will not be able to contest in the future elections.
Others may change only the clothes but the person remains the same.
The El Elyon Institute and Nangkyrsiew Thiah Player Youth Club have inaugurated the football training camp in collaboration with the El Elyon Institute and Nangkyrsiew Thiah Player Youth Club. In the presence of Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh Constituency, RB Shadap, President of RBDSA, Wanphrang Sumer, Assistant Rangbah Shnong Pahamsyiem, members of the El Elyon Institute.
Andie said that during the meeting with the officers of the Veterinary Department, they have arranged from today, that any person who comes to import pigs from outside the state must first get the Certificate from doctors on the health of pigs before importing into Meghalaya and through strict compliance with these rules, the people will be able to eat meat that is safe and healthy.
He explained that Lengkreng is very far from Khanduli and it takes about three hours for the Khanduli residents to reach the village.
The president of CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, said that four children of Kong Nongbri have been arrested by the Sordar of the village for banning the Headmaster of the school. to issue a report card to these children of Kong Nongbri.
Three other weighbridges have not paid even once the amount they should have paid once a year since the date of signing the government agreement.
As everyone knows that in Khliehriat, there are many schools, offices, shops and all these need electricity, but the increasing electricity shortages also cause shortages and shortages. In the operation of schools, offices and shops especially those shops in the market areas, the loss of electricity has also caused losses to the shopkeepers and students who use electricity. .
“The State Government will also submit the report of the CAG according to the documents written on this matter,” said the Court.
“I would like to request that the issue of the Khasi language should be included as the most important issue in the Lok Sabha elections next year,” she said.
Speaking after the inspection, u Bah Sawkmie said that he urged the government to take action to complete these roads from Lad Petrol Pump to FCI and also from Lad Mawroh to Mawtawar. Because these roads have deteriorated and put the people in danger of falling stones while driving and besides that which has affected the health of the people from the pum pum.
In the 48th minute, Kordor Dkhar scored the first goal of the match to give the team a 2-0 lead.
Meghalaya will play first against Mizoram (21st), followed by Sikkim (23rd) and Assam (25th).
These three children include Nangmanbha Mawlong from Christian Academy, Ibakordor Lyngdoh from St Joseph and Genbalry Thabah from Church of God.
Now we want to just talk.
The inability of the state to use its resources has been a poverty amidst wealth.
The JAC wants the government to ensure that other companies will not be able to implement the project,” he said.
Arsenal in a statement via X (Twitter) wished Kristoffer a speedy recovery.
They have called me and probably other leaders too. When people see that you have started winning again, they will want to come back," Chatrath told reporters.
“The Prime Minister's speech is only for Christians, but it has affected all believers, so we should know that the belief in the blessing of the Holy Spirit in any place of worship has been it is in temples, mosques and churches,” said Christian leaders.
“If the KHADC is criticizing the Municipal which is only for Khasi, what does the District Council do for the illegal Dkhars on the road which is its land,” they asked.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong today announced the release of Gratuitous Relief funds to those families whose houses were destroyed by the heavy rainfall in Shillong. November 2014 in Pynursla C&RD Block.
He added that everything will be clear after the meeting on January 24,
“We are not against the vehicles coming from Assam or any part of the country but we are concerned that these tourist vehicles from outside the state going to tourist destinations are an obstacle to the tourist vehicles. state to earn income,” said Bah Dohling.
In 2020, OM Roy has opened a Football Academy for the training of children, but due to the outbreak of Covid-19, it has been temporarily suspended. school.
The order also stipulates that shops that should be open daily include grocery stores, block making plants in remote areas of Shillong, cement factories, beverage shops. as well as all veterinary clinics and shops near Shillong.
Shillong: The HSPDP, the oldest party in Meghalaya, today merged with the NFNS and took this decision at its Executive Meeting.
The meeting also held a two minute silence in memory of the late man.
I will vote in Ahmedabad in the next few minutes,” Narendra Modi said in a tweet.
The Queen looked at her beloved friend and asked how she would answer.
Deilana Challam, resident of Mission Compound, Jowai, passed away on
Himanta Sarma said these committees will conduct their work and submit their reports on 15th November 2022 to the Assam government.
The reason why the DM of Ri Bhoi District has imposed the ban on the movement of heavy vehicles is also in accordance with the Meghalaya High Court Order, which issued the order. The order to ban the passage of heavy vehicles is because the bridge is too long.
This achievement would not have been possible without the support and hard work of the tireless team,” said Sanjay Goyal, IAS and CMD, MeECL. For the SLDC of Meghalaya to continue to win in the days and years to come.
Saleng A Sangma, the Congress candidate, won the Tura Parliamentary seat by defeating Agatha K Sangma with 155,241 votes and 383,919 votes.
The union also stressed that smuggling will not be easy if there is strong vigilance by the police and villages on various roads from the border, the road from Muktapur or Dawki and others to Amlarem, Jowai or Shillong or any other place where there is no police station.
"Further details will be announced by the Russian General Staff after the return of the Russian peace talks team from Istanbul, where the talks will also be held in Moscow.
“We have not taken any decision on this.
Charles Darwin was born on February 12, 1809, in Shrewsbury, England, In 1825 Darwin went to Edinburgh University in Scotland to study medicine, but he soon realized that he was unable to even watch an operation being performed.
The source said that the NCB team will continue to conduct investigation to find out more about the drugs seized.
Sidharth Malhotra has spoken about his desire to act in superhero films. Besides superhero films, he says that love films are also very special for life. his.
“The opening of this port today will attract more tourists and make it easier for tourists to flock to Meghalaya,” he said.
At the start of his innings, he struck out Nabam Gania on the fourth ball of the innings, followed by Tana Hurka on the last ball of the innings.
On the same day, JBB&FA will also hold a Lucky Draw for 1st Prize 50,000/-, 2nd Prize 20,000/- and 3rd Prize 10,000/-.
Finally, I would like to urge all my fellow citizens and young men and women of the Bri u Hynniewtrep that we should not waste our youth or be led astray whether in evil deeds or marriage to know only the blood. bapaka,to not walk BAKLA or walk SAKMA and not to turn RUMA without thinking BHA or PYNTHIKNA in the wrong path but to be good young people, who are strong, who see far, who are strong, who promote their fellow citizens and to fight without hesitation for what is right, to serve with love for our fellow citizens, the country and the JAITBYNRIEW HYNNIEWTREP to be an example to the future generations, to build the future by example that we may not be deceived.
Jowai, March 21: Members and leaders of the KSU-JHDU have been arrested under section 447/506/34 IPC for breaking into the office of the CEM of JHADC and threatening the CEM and others. MDC who don't have a por.
Other states and countries in the world are growing because there are no factories or industries, which create jobs, but the rivers and streams are not polluted because there are enough waste disposal sites according to the modern era.
Before the service, which was conducted by the Jaiaw Presbyterian Church, there was a meeting conducted by Bah TW Chyne, in which there were many speakers.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has filed a written request on the proposed implementation of the ban for Assam.
The match tomorrow 16th will be between Nangbah Mulang and Shangpung Lumïawmushai at 3 pm.
It's not us who'm going to criticize them...it's them.
The National People's Youth Front (NPLF) Shillong City in collaboration with the Meghalaya Billiards and Snooker Association on Tuesday organized the All Shillong Open Snooker Tournament which was inaugurated by the Vice Chairman of KHADC. Mawsynram MDC, Bah Alvin Sawkmie in the presence of the leaders of the synjuk.
Nongpoh, July 08: As usual every year, the children of Raid Marwet once again came together to perform the sacrifice of ainguh aidem to God the Creator at the Sohjer festival. Thank you and pray to God the Creator to bless all the children of thousands once after the harvest of the first fruit of the hard work of the whole year, that this year will be a year of fruitfulness and blessed with good health.
These resorts can open after receiving permission from the office of the Deputy Commissioners and they must also register with the Tourism Department and then submit their approvals. the rules to prevent the spread of covid.
Therefore, she said that teachers have the most important role in enabling people to be successful, whether in the workplace or in their own jobs.
But where do you get your skills? Not a single person is born into the world with talent.
These include 22 cases in East Khasi Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills.
Only an alignment shown by a projector showing the 2 lane road from Umshyrpi Bridge to Mylliem-Marbaniang-Pombot-Pomkaniew and from Lyngkyrdem-Umkor-Pynursla to Dawki-Bakur was seen. The distance is 71.5 kilometers.
After his departure, the Chief Minister tried to appease the anger of the civil society that Amit Shah has sent all the government ministers and civil society to Delhi to discuss the ILP issue in more detail. Many of them have prepared to wear suits, buy style juti and buy suit cases to go to Delhi to meet Amit Shah in Delhi.
The government has not issued any official order/notification for the new DCRG at the rate of Rs 10 lakh.
Shillong, March 19: The General Secretary of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) Manish Chatrath on Friday expressed his confidence that the Congress will win the Shillong elections. and Tura Parliamentary Seat in the Lok Sabha elections next year, and strongly criticized the MDA Government led by the National People's Party (NPP) for failing to fulfill its promises. to the people of the state.
In the 2013 MLA election, Drola Khongjoh and Banteidor Lyngdoh (Pai) had contested from the Congress party. As an independent candidate, in the MDC election, Bah Paidang has contested for the Congress ticket again with Bah Kanang Lynshiang and in that election, Bah Paidang has won the ticket. He supported Remingtone Pyngrope of the UDP, while in the MLA election, Paidang contested against Drola.
If we go wrong, that tyllai will get stronger and stronger and eventually we won't be able to breathe,” he said.
Most of the time, grief can be witnessed for up to two weeks, before deciding whether to be in grief.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, while the Symbud Chief Guest was Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Sports & Youth Affairs. WAM Booth (MCS) Director Sports & Youth Affairs, John F Kharshiing and Finely L Pariat, Director Sports & Youth Affairs, MCS. games from the states of the country and others.
In man there is always joy and happiness in the soul when he kills the enemy.
It is also up to each and every voter in the two states to decide whether to go to Meghalaya or Assam, said the elders of Langpih.
Police have been following up on Everist and have been able to identify the man and arrested him from his wife's house on the night of 8th June.
Nongpoh, March 28 : After many years of desire of the people from the village leaders and especially the people to upgrade Byrnihat PHC to CHC, this dream and desire of the people has come true today after Conrad. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, visited Byrnihat to lay the foundation stone for the upgradation of the PHC to CHC at a meeting held at BSA Ground, Lumnongrim Byrnihat.
Police said that the four men were on their way back to Ummulong, but when they reached near Orchid Inn, the vehicle collided with a well and the three men died on the spot.
The union has witnessed that there are several electricity posts installed by the electricity department near the residence of Speaking to a woman who did not want to be named, she had an electrical wire, nearby. At the same time, the electricity post was supported or installed on the roof of her house. She said that her house had already been installed before the electricity post. If the sum room is not produced later, then the sum room should be located in the area where the electrical outlet is supported.
The silver medal winners were Sanjeev Maskut (48kg), Gimichel Sumer (67kg) and Mellina Basaiawmoit (52kg).
“We have come here to take part in helping you to pave the way, to provide training, advice and explanation regarding various schemes, in our state, we have departments like agriculture, horticulture, Cr&D block, Veterinary, ICAR, NABARD and others.
“There is an allegation that we have invited Process T Sawkmie to contest from the UDP party, but when he came we have despised him, but even I want to contest from the UDP party. UDP party, but I am not a proud person and I understand the time so I withdrew and allowed Bah Process to contest from the UDP party”.
Shillong, March 03 : About 44 villages in Shillong have been drinking or using water that is not safe for their health.
Leaders of JYF and JSM have sent a letter to inform about the lack of schools for the children in the district.
Although the members of the party are summoned by the police only because they work well for the cause of the people, the party will work in its own way and that is to increase the smuggling of foreigners. “If anything happens, the responsibility will go to the government,” said the KSU leader in Ri Bhoi.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has alleged that the smuggling of drugs into Mawkyrwat area is due to the negligence of the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) in Mawkyrwat. The ANTF has only a name but it has not done anything.
It is for this reason that the Chandrachud Committee was brought in to investigate the matter and the Chandrachud Committee issued a decision and report in 1987. Meghalaya did not accept the report of the Chandrachud Committee. long against Meghalaya.
This current recruitment quota not only deprives the eligible, but also brings in another group who suffers from injustice and inadequacy in the availability and access to training centres, employment opportunities. Government and others.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Metbah said that the opportunity to meet with the new members is of great value and is an encouragement to the party especially before the party celebrates its 23rd anniversary. on the 11th of this month.
“He abolishes the First (with the blood of animals) in order to establish the Second.
This is a program developed by the Government of India in line with the NIPUN Bharat and G-20 objectives on the theme “Ensuring Foundation Literacy and Numeracy especially in the context of blended learning”. The program is called “Jan Bhagidari Events and Activities” and the beneficiaries of this program will be the students from Pre-Primary to Class III. A short speech by M. Lakiang, DMC-SSA West Jaintia Hills followed by the reading of the NIPUN Bharat Pledge by all the students and teachers. Lynrah, State Coordinator Pedagogy SEMAM-SSA, Meghalaya Shillong.
"Not only that, the news of the accident of actress Shabana Azmi has shocked the whole country.
Chairman of JACBoM Bah Erwin K.Sutnga in an interview with the media after the meeting said that the letter will be sent within three days and the Joint Action Committee will visit. to meet with the Deputy Commissioner of Hamren District to seek protection for the Khasi-Pnar people living in the villages under Block-I. The DCs said that the Deputy Commissioner Level, SP Level Committee and Chief Secretary Level Committee have been appointed to discuss the issues on the border which have existed since the time of Capt.
For example, the custom of the Khasi is to take the jait ka kynja from the mother and not from the father.
The training was conducted by the Ministry of AYUSH and most of the speakers spoke Hindi, but there were many others who did not understand Hindi, including 37 from Tamil. Nadu and these didn't understand anything.
According to the Chennai Metro, the Cholavaram wells, which used to have a capacity of 1,081 mcft, and the Redhills (3,300 mcft), which used to supply water to Chennai, but these wells. Poondi has now 24 mcft of 3,231 mcft of water.
The news, which is very sad for the drinkers, is that the drinkers' association, which proposes to distribute free alcohol to the public, has lost the elections held recently in Austria. .
Nongpoh, Nailar 12: Nongpoh MLA Bah Mayral Born Syiem has said that the village of Umpathaw in Ri-Bhoi District does not have a proper dorbar hall to hold meetings and other needs of the village. He today handed over the work order for the construction of the dorbar hall at Umpathaw village for the needs and welfare of the people.
According to sources, the Lat was attacked by stray dogs while he was visiting the Lok Nayak Hospital and GB Pant Hospital in central Delhi.
“For three months they had no work, and they were hungry.
The election of Bah Midnight as Minister from the Kharlukhi clan came after the death of Bah Phrangsngi Kharlukhi.
Turkey and Syria have been at odds since the Kurdish fighters (SDF) agreed to cooperate with the Syrian government. , for driving back Turkish forces, which have entered many parts of Syria.
Only through this social agreement will we be able to end this war in Ukraine.
The songs that you can dance in this competition are only Khasi songs like from the movie Jingim, Dhaka Escape, Ka Daw, Pynngop, 9-Lad, Ka Letter, Taxi Driver, Ahor, Ka Pap and Ka Juk, The music videos are Por Samla, Then I'll Follow, Today, I'll Love You, Until the End, Angnud, Shad when it's light, Wan, Friends, Happy, Happy Age, I'm Beautiful, I Think, Kiar You are the people, Kynmo, Borsing, Oste and Natwei Heart.
I have told the MLA that if she runs the golf club we will oppose and if she does not own this land and if she runs the golf club, the village will oppose,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the statement of Dy.CM Sniawbhalang Dhar on the issue of the proposal to build a railway line in Jaintia Hills.
• The Uniform Civil Code shall apply throughout India.
Nongpoh: A day after the village leaders of four villages in Umroi area, spoke to the media on the RTI request by the Ri Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) and condemned the RBSU, alleging that they have caused trouble in the villages, without proper foundations.
“We will make a demand to the Government and we should not just listen and we should ensure that the Government should punish the people involved in this crime. Mr. Cheris," said Mr. Shangpliang.
In East Khasi Hills, 26 cases, 15 civilians, 8 soldiers and 3 BSF personnel. In West Garo Hills, one BSF personnel. In Ribhoi, 3 cases, including to one civilian and 2 soldiers.
Expressing his anger over the behavior of government employees in these government houses, Process said, “It is easier to talk to Narendra Modi than to the officers of Meghalaya House in Guwahati and in Kolkata”.
Most of them have no signs of illness and are in good health and are currently staying at home.
The country's shooting team is now facing its defeat against the powerful Korean and Chinese teams, for losing all seven matches. finals of the Asia Cup Stage 3; They are currently in fifth position in the medal table.
From the complaints of the school principals and children about the lack of food distribution for the students, the authorities have investigated to find out the root cause of this.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The BJP Youth Wing (BYM) Meghalaya has strongly condemned the district administration of West Jaintia Hills District for tiing and bombing the students of Kiang Nangbah Govt College, She demanded that the government should cover all the expenses of those youths who were injured in the police beatings.
Commander Shangpliang said that the screening of 9-Lad at Bijou Cinema will continue and will end on the 15th June at 11 am, 1 pm. noon, 3 pm, 5 pm and 7 pm.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 693 of which 283 are from East Khasi Hills and these include 71 BSF personnel, 70 Armed Forces personnel and 242 civilians.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has invited you to participate in the Under-17 Independence Day Cup Football League Tournament
Many people left the road to Nongbah, Kyndongtuber and left for Pasyih, Phramer.
The Ministry of Minority Affairs and the State Government have approved the construction of the dam.
The fugitive was identified as Rex Miller R. Sangma and was arrested on the 18th of this month.
Assam Regiment in the first leg of the semi final, beat Ri Bhoi United by two goals to one.
“It can mislead the Council,” said the CEM while speaking to reporters after the opening of the Congress-led Khasi Hills United Democratic Alliance (KHUDA) meeting on Tuesday. .
The Hynniewtrep Youth Front (HNYF) Southern Riwar Circle Dawki has seized several consignments of rice which was intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh through Riahjalong village, a village on the India-Bangladesh border.
The union urges the DTO of Ri Bhoi District and the DTO of Kamrup District to resolve this issue faced by the people of the state. “I will send a petition to the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam,” he said.
Shillong, Lber, 26: Police of Rani Border Outpost on Tuesday at about 9:30 pm received a tip that there were armed robbers near Ranibari village.
“We have decided to impose a curfew from 10 pm to 8 pm and we will consider whether it is necessary to impose it again,” he said.
“Who wants an MLA who will sit in the opposition for five years and cannot do anything for the people of the constituency,” he asked.
JOWAI: The Association of Pork Sellers in Jowai has decided to increase the price of pork from T.300 to T.320 per kilo in Jowai.
“However, it is unfortunate that as soon as we arrived at the scene in the morning, the woman who took the contract has shocked everyone without allowing us to speak, but we congratulate Bah Franky Laloo who came from MPCB. “He has fulfilled his duty, even in the midst of the confusion, as sent from the office and to take the findings to the higher authorities,” said Bah Korbar.
“The state government should take action and make clear the written demands so that we can move forward in this peace talks.
Nongpoh: The Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC) has announced that it has released 8 villages from the Urban List and under the supervision of the NTC. These 8 villages have been removed from the list of urban villages under the Nongpoh Town Committee.
Similarly, for children between 2-5 to five years of age who have not completed the first and second doses of Measles, then the vaccine for Pentavalent and Polio vaccine, the vaccine to longkmie who have received the dose but have not completed the dose.
And if Joseph said unto the angel of the LORD, Sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, or if he say, I will flee at five o'clock in the morning; they have been killed.
He said the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) was formed by the UDP and HSPDP with the aim of strengthening the party in Meghalaya.
“According to him, the price of petrol in the state will increase by about 1.50 tyngka per litre.
“The parliamentary session has just ended on November 23 and as usual, government officials are busy with the session and have not had enough time to look at the VAB,” said Dr Kharshiing.
Therefore, if the government does not hesitate to pay the price of the land suitable for the animals, the struggle for control will not be successful because there is no victory without birth, openness, freedom and ownership. .
The Commissioner & Secretary Arts & Culture, Bah FR Kharkongor applauded the contribution of Persara Studio to the development of the talents of the youth.
There is also a great opportunity for those who plan to raise doh as the state still needs a lot of doh.
It is learned that Bah Sawkmie, who has been Deputy CEM, will get the Development Department while Kong Kharpuri will get the Professional Tax and Market Department.
She said that if the authorities do not take action, the union will consider and added to provide the necessities of the CHC such as X-rays and medicines.
Shemphang Tymsen scored 19 (40) for the team for four wickets while Aristerwell Suting was named Player of the Match.
The Officer In-Charge of Shallang Police Station said that there was an incident but it was not serious. On their part, they have been able to stop their work, and it is understood that until today there has been no complaint regarding this incident.
For those who are air locked during the down lock, the advice is, 'sleep early, get up early,' try to breathe fresh air before going to bed and when you get up in the morning. .
Director MK Pradhan also delivered a speech.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that he has written to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government to establish the Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Family Welfare. Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) or any central government medical institution as institutions for these students.
They then came to the India-Bangladesh border on the 9th with the help of a Khar Bangla and later they crossed the river through Muktapur area where these four persons came to help them to enter the border. that into India.
Swinburne said: “I do not condone or condone the Nazi crimes against the Jews, because they have no right to do so, but I say to God, who has the power to do whatever he wants. .
Furthermore, medical facilities have been provided at ISBT for the players who are suffering from injuries.
That day was indeed another great day of my life.
Nongpoh, March 02: The brave deeds of Robert Manih, 8 years old, have come to light after he managed to rescue his brother, who was 1 year and 7 months old, after he was killed. I have drowned in a pond at Umkon village, Ri Bhoi District.
Animals depend on food from nature but the wiser man does not depend only on what nature gives but he has also created what kind of plants to produce on earth in order to survive and survive. This Creator to save himself and to save others is called NONGREP. He is the Lord of the earth who has the same Creator as God the Creator, the Lord of Life.
Other programs on the occasion included a cultural programme, the Kayakalp Award went to Maweit PHC, Maroit PHC and Umsohpieng Sub Centre, as well as Dr Luckyson Marbaninag I, Medical and Sincerity Syilemlieh, ASHA from Umthlu village under Nonglang PHC. These are the ones who have given their best service for the release of im a longkmie who has two bodies.
Lamlynti was scored by K Shabong (23, 54, 55), T Kurbah (62) and Risa Colony by G Kamei (5), P Warlarpih (56) and R War (56). 70).
Those who have gained from it have brought wealth to their country.
Humility works very hard for him.
She said that this campaign will be implemented across the state.
This nature is a habitat not only for human beings but also for birds, animals and many kinds of living things.
The priest said that he woke up at 3.30 pm today and saw that the doors of the church were open and there were the doors of the car, which he parked on the ground floor. , not broken.
Rajkhowa, who is second only to Paresh in the ULFA, was arrested last month at Mendipathar in Garo Hills, Meghalaya. It is therefore assumed that he went down to Sylhet for a very important reason.
India, which ranked 94th in 2021, has now fallen further to 116th and is now slightly lower than its neighbours, including Pakistan, Bangladesh and Nepal.
The History Department of Shillong College is pleased to have a talk and explanation on the struggle for the independence of Meghalaya as it is necessary to know the history of the state which is also part of the curriculum.
The ICC and the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) are now concerned about the hybrid model introduced by Najam Sethi.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government will hold a special meeting tomorrow with the 17 MLAs from 17 constituencies. to discuss and discuss how to fight against COVID-1
Wat the big spirit Beware of Prayer.
Besides, the Minister said that the Government has already allocated Rs 100 crore for the construction of three roads leading to the new Administrative City, which have been laid the foundation stone recently.
“Justice should not be delayed for women and children who have been victims of violence,” he said.
Other laws that NESO has recommended to the Government of India not to remove from the North East are the Assam Disturbed Areas Act, 1955, the Assam Disturbed Areas Act, National Security Act, 1980 and the Punjab State Security Act, 1953.
Bah Herman San Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Development SHG Union of Nongsteng, said that the production of sohniamtra has helped the farmers of many villages to support their livelihood.
Also present on the occasion were Kong Beti Jyrwa as one of the leaders in the state and witnessed by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Kmar Kurbah, President of the Transformer. Seng Longkmie, Kong Sayantis Sakri and other village leaders and youth of the village.
Pyrdishnong Moodymmai Village Council would like to thank the Dorbar Shnong for donating the land for the construction of the Community Hall Cum Youth. Center.
Therefore, he said that it is through the museum in Shillong which is the best step so that the future generations can see and know about it.
The exhibition was inaugurated by the Commissioner and Secretary, Arts and Culture, Government of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor.
At the same time, he said the party will also discuss the implementation and operation of NERGS and will translate the success of this scheme into Khasi and Garo so that the people can understand.
“I have spoken in many places, I have spoken in other countries about Mawlynnong, as if I know all the surroundings of it, but please don't tell me about it. “It's a good idea to see the Mawlynnong,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma at the meeting.
Pastor Mister Jones, 92 years old, was born in 1930 in Mawkhan village, Mawdon Hima, Mawsynram district.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 29: Farmers, garment makers, handicraft makers and youth entrepreneurs today exhibited their handicrafts, food and beverages and agricultural products at the 28th District Level Industrial Exhibition. The exhibition was organized by the District Commerce and Industries Center (DCIC) Ri-Bhoi District.
“On the other hand, Ferlin said she has nothing to do with the NPP but her entry into politics is to bring about development for the people.
In India, we are witnessing the rise of Hindu religious groups.
“Until now, the month of April has not appeared,” said Bah Nongsiang.
The Sordar of Mawdulop Village, Bah Pynshkem Mukhim, said that the construction of this road, which is about 3 km long, started in 2007 with the hard work of Bah Martle N Mukhim during his tenure as MLA. There are no more days to finish cleaning.
Explaining about the receipt of T.10 lakh, Kong Birit Nongrum, along with other SHGs and those who received the same share, said that their receipt is not enough. They are selected by anyone, but they have to write an examination and when they pass, they have to go for training in the field of cattle breeding, after which they will receive the money.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the first goal in the 15th minute, but Rúben Dias and Raphael Guerreiro scored their own goals to give Germany the lead. to Portugal.
Very good appreciate the wisdom of the Assam legislators.
There are still many areas that still need the support of the central government so that these border disputes can be resolved immediately,” he said.
He said that the establishment of a new committee to discuss the Reservation Policy and the Reservation Roster System is the right decision taken by the government and he hopes that the resolution will come out of this committee. take the decision that will benefit everyone.
The Baby League was organized by the EJHDFA in collaboration with the MFA and the Government of Meghalaya.
He said that their group has had the opportunity to meet the Chief Election Commissioner on the 28th at 3 pm.
Shillong: The Shillong Traffic Police Department has started traffic jam from Khyndai Lad to Umsohsun from Monday morning, after completing a thorough inspection of the traffic jam on the GS Road leading to Umsohsun. you are in Motphran.
It was also witnessed that in the incident, the fire had destroyed a toilet house near the forest and it was also seen that it had burnt down. The house is built only of lyntang and can destroy the whole house.
In 2012, about 1,500 divorce cases were filed in the Family Court, Guwahati.
Shillong: Shillong MP Vincent H Pala has approved the appointment of a team of inquiry to investigate the shooting death of Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma on 8th November in Sohshrieh. He said the government has done the right thing and if the investigation does not succeed, it can hand over the investigation to other independent groups.
About 500 people attended the meeting.
“This has made it difficult for the students to go to school when there are no teachers,” said Saleng.
Kennedy C. Khyriem Parliamentary Secretary Tourism was the chief guest in the presence of Vincent H Pala MP, Justin Dkhar MLA, JR Pyrtuh MDC and V Lyngdoh MDC. , Elios Swer, Daloi of Rymbai District, MS Lhuid, DC EJH, and other leaders.
Besides, Bah Polan said that the kur has to think again about the disappearance of Bah Justin after they came to Assam to look for him.
It is learned that she has urgent work at home and will not be able to leave now and maybe tomorrow.
f.27th July, 2019 Am.
Besides, the Seng said that there are some places where these ADOs are not available and the government has promoted them and these rooms have remained vacant.
The CJM has summoned Deborah to appear before the court on Tuesday, and she has said that she will not be ashamed but will appear before the court.
Sri Lanka, who batted first, scored 233 runs for the loss of all wickets in 47.5 overs and only Sahan Arachchige scored 57 runs.
Iranian reports say more than 300 people have died from drinking methanol and more than 10,000 have become seriously ill from drinking methanol. This is the bih in this country, which is not allowed to drink alcohol.
As it turns out, both teams were able to show their skills from the start in which they tried to fight hard, but couldn't score.
Talukdar attended a service of the Tablighi Jamaat on 16th October
When that point is reached, people no longer understand themselves and are quick to do anything that is against society.
Ordinance – A law enacted by the authority of the Head of State or State and implemented in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, today announced that all food shops in different villages and townships will be closed today and tomorrow morning. die only that they open.
As I said, when you buy land, the land is valued by the District Collectors, the Revenue.
His body was found by the crowd.
The committee was headed by the CEM and members included EM I/C Market, Grace Mary Kharpuri, EM I/C Health and Sanitation, Solid Waste Management, Victor Ranee, Addl.DC Bah Ronie Wahlang, Sector Officer Bipul Das, Urban Development Department, Rangbah Shnongs of seven villages surrounding the market, Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Minister did not look after the market.
Sniawbhalang Dhar said that many development works especially roads have been completed and what remains is health and water supply.
On the same day, the Youth Wing Office Bearers will also be confirmed.
Shillong: The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Secretary to the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the NPP has blown across the state and the party will surely exceed the magic number (30+). thaw the Government itself.
Among the women, Hellen Obiri, who has won two Olympic silver medals in the 5,000m, won the event by finishing second: 21:38 and is the second Kenyan player to win the title after Evans.
We on the part of the KSU have done our duty to search for drug users and traffickers from time to time.
Another estimate shows that household assets in 2021 will be T.22.8 trillion, while in 2022, it will decrease to T.16.96 trillion and decrease further. to T.13.76 trillion in
This Helpline number will be operational from 15th November,
The Government's recognition of the great work of Rev Thomas Jones is for his invention of the Khasi alphabet. you are now.
Minister of Forests & Environment James PK Sangma was the chief guest in the presence of senior Forest Officers, members of Shillong Golf Course, members of Shillong Club, various groups, youth. read who took part in planting the trees.
“As of now, the people want to see change and they want to lead the new government in 2023 by the UDP. strong and many also want to get tickets from the UDP"
I agree with this great man when he writes about the Power-Knowledge Interplay.
In 2016-17, the BJP received Rs 290.22 crore or 89.2% of the Rs 325.27 crore allocation paid to all political parties and the Congress received Rs 14.90 crore.
The KSU has met with the Minister to protest against the sale of the land in front of NEIGRHIMS by the state government to the Nagaland government.
Let us join hands together in Prah, Not the UDP reject Metbah; Let us break the BJP, HSPDP, NPP Bah Tynsong, Let us join hands in Prah from the city to the villages.
I want to know about the life of Hei Rupang. Please don't worry. Bah Joy says he is a father but he is a mother. This news is misleading. I don't accept it. His mother is Nichols. I'm not sure what to do,,, what's the difference between donkupar roy and roy? Do you mean the king of Tirot Sing, or are you the tribe of Sing? Do you mean radhon singing berries, or what kind of berries? It is foolish to lose this ingkhong shalang compassionately.
ABG Shipyard, India's largest shipbuilding company, was on Saturday charged with embezzling Rs 22,842 crore from 28 banks. India.
On the other hand, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang said that the organization encourages the students from time to time through awards to encourage the students and others who are still in the middle of their studies to work hard and There is a spirit of struggle in their lives because without knowledge it is useless in this age.
When they saw that they were alive, they all returned to the village because they said it was not a plague.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the management of the hospital, Samla Tony Shylla General Secretary of the union said that the union is deeply saddened by the incident. This is not the first time that the hospital staff have experienced such incidents and refused to go for treatment.
Participants asked many questions to the officers about the treatment plant.
The Supreme Court has fixed the date for the final hearing on 24th June 2019 and then the other appeals of the other parties will be heard on that date.
They said it cannot be hidden that the reason for this is the politicians.
Shillong, October 26: The general meeting of the Meghalaya Workers and Helpers Union (MAWHU) and the ASHA Workers Union (AWU) has been postponed from 31st October to 11th June The rally will start at 10 pm from the AITUC office Quinton Road.
The issues agreed at the signing ceremony today were on the empowerment of the Council, which will be empowered to manage the affairs of the poor in the cities. through elected departments and to encourage more members to represent the Council.
A US woman has slammed police for arresting her 10-year-old son for defecating in public.
The program was enriched by the performances of Phibalari Thongni and Badonlang Lyngdoh of PHL Group.
One of his grandchildren from Bangladesh now lives in Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
We too are concerned and the Prime Minister will take action,” he said.
Panah ka Rida was also very good at hiding it because he used to express only his anger and hatred as he had done before with Kmie ka Rida.
In fact, Bah Process T Sawkmie is still an MLA of the Congress even though he has been suspended because the MPCC is still waiting for a reply from him and four other MLAs who went to the party. However, these four members have not yet responded to the MPCC's request for clarification and have now said that they will not respond anymore because The MPCC leaders have continued to renew the Block Congress Committees as they did today in Mawlai.
The churches in this country are 200 years old, some are 150 years old, and some are newly established these days.
Even when it's time to sleep, they cover themselves with a blanket to sleep with their mobile phones.
The Minister is on a two-day visit to Meghalaya to inspect the development works related to his Department.
“If they blame the NPP, they should look at what it has done.
MIRPL leaders will meet Modi to discuss the issue.
The Rangbah Shnong should explain to the people who have returned from any place where the disease has spread and that they should inform the DC offices in these three ways.
“In the past, even during the rainy season, the water level did not decrease but now with the damage to the dam, the water has flowed freely and this has caused a disruption in the water distribution system in Jowai. .
“The delay in providing assistance is that the file will have to move from one place to another, and the assistance cannot be given to everyone who comes to accept this, the rules there are that everyone will have to follow".
Dr. Mukul Sangma on calling the Meghalaya TMC a 'baaki party', slammed the NPP-led MDA government by asking, “How many years have passed, even the salaries of MDCs? Have you asked the MDCs who is the Baaki government or not? For three years now, the employees of the District Council have not received their salaries, for this reason they now see who is the Baaki government.
Besides many other issues, Dr. Basaiawmoit pointed out the urgent need to strengthen the 6th Schedule in relation to the three Autonomous District Councils of Meghalaya by amending Para 12 A of the Constitution. of the Sixth Schedule.
He said that these solar lights are inbuild solar, 5 years of manufacture, and they are the best.
It was in 1979 that this day was first celebrated in England and the main purpose is to encourage the public to understand the uniqueness of people with visual impairments.
This was announced in a statement by Bah Paul J. Sawian and Farewell Nongkynrih, President and Secretary.
Sleeplessness, sometimes we don't think that we are too tired because our body is not tired anymore.
By improving it, it is hoped that it will continue to bring benefits to the state.
However, at this time, it has brought opposition from the village authorities and religious leaders who are in charge of the temple and who have taken over the care and management of the temple for hundreds of years.
The curfew was organized by the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), the AJYCP and 44 other political parties. support the curfew.
dead in Nongspung: Nongspung Village, Mawphlang C&RD Block has been affected by the earthquake.
On the other hand, the Observers stressed the need for understanding for the smooth running of the election to be held on the 27th June. The election will go smoothly and nothing will happen that will affect the peace and order of the people.
This is in the years 2017-18 and 2018-19 and the money has been used for other purposes, the Indian Express reported. days, for violation of the GST Compensation Act,
“I have seen that the water in this canal is very high during the rainy season, so what I would like to advise the relevant departments and also the village authorities that if possible they should dig only this canal. i a bridge and a steel fence to prevent any accidents," said one of the elders who did not want to be named.
“Take care of the sick without any prejudice.
Also present on the occasion were MLA of Sutnga Saipung Shitlang Pale, Chief Engineer PWD Roads, KK Mawa, DC of East Jaintia Hills District, Superintendent of Police East Jaintia Hills District. Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS, former MLAs Nehlang Lyngdoh and Hopeful Bamon, NPP candidate Santa Mary Shylla, MDCs Emlang Lamare and Dr Sanky Shangpung. and other invitees and the people of the area.
“We have water pipes which have been delivered to the households but the expectation of water delivery is still far away whether in Tura or even in the rural areas,” he added.
The Player of the Match was awarded to HD of Khliehtyrshi CC. A fire broke out in a house in Kuliang village on 30th October
Ronaldo has decided to reject Manchester City's £480,000-a-month offer, which was valid until yesterday.
The Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie through this statement informs that the annual Pyneh Rngiew to the top of the holy Lum Sohpetbneng will be held on
Other IPS officers who have been named are Subhash Goswami (1977 batch), Assam DGP Jayanta Narayan Choudhury (1978 batch), DK Pathak and PJP Haneman (all 1979 batch).
Therefore, the KSU, South West Khasi Hills District, through this request, requests the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District to create the mechanisms to select and receive the Sports Scholarship. Through the District Sports Promotion Society Program (DSPS) or through other means of assistance so that the youth will be encouraged and will not feel lonely or in trouble when they develop their talents and when they are going to lead in any future tournaments.
From 1875 to 1970, the border areas fell between the different districts which existed since the time of the British Government and the undivided State of Assam.
We have set a goal from the beginning, How many times have we tried? We have decided to live well, But most of the time we have gone wrong.
Violet, who represents the Rymbai-Khliehriat Constituency, said that she does not want to hold the post for personal reasons.
In one of the 1954 documents, it was mentioned that this land belongs to the Harijan Colony,” said Gurjit Singh.
She said that the meeting decided to request the Member Secretary of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board to extend the deadline for Form I and Form II as ordered by the National Green Tribunal. MIPRL has also informed the Minister that it will send a letter to the Under Secretary, Mining and Geology Department of the State Government to clarify the Form I and Form II. It is also preparing to send a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to protest against the NGT's ban on coal mining in the state.
“The Brahmaputra Board, the company that plans to construct the dam, has Rajabala village on the east side of the river. The east and west are the lands of the Hima Jyrngam.
In this regard, the union expresses its deep sorrow over the silence of the Education Department of the state government and the examination of the students is only six months from now.
How Ricky was abducted, what happened to him in Bangladesh and how he was rescued, he told Rupang in detail in a long interview.
He added that in relation to urgent needs such as illness, workers have to borrow money from the private sector because banks have lost confidence due to lack of salary.
“The ILP needs to be implemented in this state to protect the minority community from the invasion of other high paid communities from other states,” he said. Mukul Sangma said that he is not ready to protect the state which is currently in the midst of the threat of foreign infiltration.
“When salary increase, it is usually that the government has a problem but it doesn't mean that it can't.
At the end of the Youth Festival 2023, Latina Nongpyiur, Assistant Director Youths, MACs, Dr. KK Nongsiej, Principal Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat in the presence of Bah Ajoy M. Lanong, Deputy Director MACs, Teachers, Students and others.
The death toll has risen by 8 percent from yesterday's death toll of 717, while the death toll on Tuesday has risen to 80 percent, or 786 people.
Kongthong village is located in the outskirts of the state, and in this village there are only Khasi who still follow the culture of their ancestors.
JOWAI: Heavy rainfall has caused flooding and traffic jam on the NH-6 in East Jaintia Hills District since 6 pm on Tuesday.
Putin, 70, was not present at the time.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the appointments between these new ministers have already been sent to the Governor and the Governor. , has already approved this job and it will be issued in the near future.
The song was attended by the drummer, Heimonmiter Rymbai and the drummer, Yoowan-i Nialang.
In the 80th minute, Martin Chaves scored the first goal for Churchill Brothers to ensure the team had three points.
Police said two militants were shot dead in the clash in Rajouri.
The actress had no regrets about leaving Hollywood and said she had done the right thing.
The BJP has become more popular in the state because some people believe that the party has brought more development than other parties.
He said that many people have shared and danced this song and will upload it on youtube from their channels.
After the meeting at Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, he also visited the Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat and met with the doctors and staff of the hospital. (G).
Through this decision, the name of the complainant is kept confidential, and if they feel they need protection, the Commission can provide the necessary protection.
Leaders who will guide to stand on their own feet As a nation we need skilled leaders who can support themselves who will guide the youth and the community to stand on their own feet because Once we have self-reliant leaders, we can become kings and masters in our own country, and when we are free masters, it encourages us to defend and fight. but if we continue to rely on the robbers, the nation will deteriorate with the passing of the days because the robbers have to destroy themselves. and they shall be destroyed, because they live to fight with the robbers themselves, who bring no benefit.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong requests all the passengers passing through Nongmensong to be careful when driving their vehicles on the village roads from 8:00 pm to 2 pm. :00 pm so that it will not cause any injury to the people who took part in this cleanliness drive.
According to sources, there will be several issues to be discussed in the House, including four issues, which will be brought by Bah Pyniaid S Syiem, Bah Albinud Lyngdoh, Jansing Tynsong and Mansturdy Nongrem, and besides these motions, they also have a cut motion.
As it has been these days, the shortage of electricity supply by MeECL is very severe even in Shillong.
On this occasion, prominent artists in the fields of music, film, beautiful girls, dancers and singers, drama biria will come to participate in the competition. The people of Shella Constituency to come and witness with their own eyes the youth, children and parents who will showcase their special talents on this day.
Fortunately, no one was injured in the incident, except for the damage to the shop and the Maruti car.
Besides, it was not mentioned why no FIR was lodged for the coal found near Don Bosco College, Byndihati and also in two places along the highway.
At the time of writing, the turnout has reached 32 percent in West Jaintia and 39 percent in East Jaintia.
“The Congress wants the NRC not to discriminate against the rightful citizens of the country and at the same time, India should not become a haven for illegal immigrants,” he said.
Bahdeng, who was surprised, said that he had heard of Samson, Hercules, Tarzan in the world, but 'here is Tarkot'
The waiting period of the Adhoc School Teachers has reached 10 months after the Chief Minister urged the Seng leaders to wait at least for three Cabinet meetings from the to discuss and discuss the salary increase for Adhoc teachers.
He said that the ECC leaders have already met with the government officials of various departments, as well as the Chief Minister and the Deputy Commissioner to discuss the issues but they have not yet met. don't believe anything.
Regarding the Sub Center at Umrynjah which has not been operational yet despite the availability of buildings, Bah Hek said that the Sub Center has not been operational yet and at present there is only one employee. chowkidar.
To fight for the rights of the minorities and the oppressed in the State and the Country.
Shillong, Lber 3: Police have confirmed that the body of a woman found in Dkhiah, East Jaintia Hills, was raped and murdered after being raped. and the woman was broken in the car.
“Although Maieid Hoping has not been able to fulfill many of the issues, but we the longdien will try to fulfill these remaining issues of this leader and if we cannot Shillong, Nailur 26: Members of the Kur Nongkhlaw have lodged a complaint against Bah Thres Kurwar Sadew who turned from the Nongkhlaw clan after being elected as the Kur Nongkhlaw. and Minister of the Kingdom of Mylliem.
On the part of the Principal of the College, Bah Boldness L Nongum, while reading out the award ceremony, he congratulated the Meghalaya Board of School Education for giving permission. These students are not allowed to write the examination because they have been in class for many years.
The Commission also urged all political parties, leaders and candidates to adhere to the Model Code of Conduct and its provisions.
Fortunately, everything will go as planned.
The JSM demands a complete halt to the construction of these police stations in Saitsama area and to stop the land grabbing in Khatkasla. Shillong: The city of Shillong has been shocked by the rally of various candidates contesting the MDC election 2019 and dozens of the candidates’ vehicles drove down the street with waving flags and musical instruments.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Vice President of the Party and Rambrai MLA KP Pangniang, Nongstoin MLA D Jyndiang, Mawshynrut MLA W Mawsor. HSPDP General Secretary Teilinia Thangkhiew MDC Mylliem and others.
He first won the MLA seat in 1988 from the HSPDP and continued until
Shillong: The Langsning Football Club will hold a trial at Khliehriat on the 20th of June for the U-15 and U-18, The U-18 tournament will start at 10 pm.
“Even in the debate in the Constituent Assembly, there is no discussion that there will be no education for those who want to become leaders either in the Assembly or Parliament.
The tournament was organized by China, The Cage Fight MFL-5 in collaboration with the Mixed Martial Arts Federation of India at Imphal, Manipur on 28th June
In the past, she said that there were many people who accused the KSU of being against UCIL and thus remaining alone in the struggle but now with the advent of technology everyone has been able to see the danger. Uranium mining in India and around the world.
The presence of only these ML05 vehicles shows that Shillong has become too crowded as it is a city where vehicles from all districts of the state including Assam and other states pass through.
The first prize went to Meghalaya Police Public School, led by Johanan Warjri and Adriel N. Syiemlieh. The second prize went to Pine Mount School, led by I. Tridipsha Das and Ishita Tharad won the third place went to St. Mary's Higher Secondary School led by Kashish Samee and Shreyohee Paul.
“Bah Che was shot dead by the police on the information of the Minister of Home Affairs and the Chief Minister of the state and therefore Conrad is the gang boss of the MDA,” said Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh.
The BSF handed over the drugs and the two persons to the Ranikor Police Station for further investigation.
The Secretary of the Nongthymme Dorbar Shnong Ma Pyrkhat Muksor said that the date of the fete will be announced later.
At this meeting, he was remembered for his outstanding work in the field of journalism for the past 27 years.
Furthermore, when the residents saw that other roads are good, they asked, “Why can't this road be improved yet?”
College, Jowai.
Revelation 12:7-9 In the book of Isaiah it is written – “But thou shalt be brought down to hell” Isaiah 14:1
The petition said that there is a need for public consultation before taking a decision on the Aadhar Card and showed that there are many people across India who have Auguster Jyrwa, Rev. PB Syngkli, Rev. K Pyrtuh and Rev. Dr. PBM Basaiawmoit said that the Aadhar number has been false. .
Lajong struggled to fight back but Aizwal managed to extend their lead by three goals until the end of the first half.
We still have the months of November, July and two months of June, along with Saturdays, which are suitable for us to use.
The Commander as President of these two villages explained that the Hill Farmer Union is an organization of farmers and is an organization to look after the problems of the farmers. farmers, in the lack of seeds, crop pests, environmental damage and other problems.
It can also be transmitted by touching or touching things that have been infected by people who have been infected or infected by others.
“Many of the allegations by the UDP have been denied and said that they have nothing to do with the actions of the NPP and they will not cooperate anymore but as soon as the resolution is announced on the 2nd, a day later, but on the 3rd they joined forces".
Besides the leaders of the NPP Nongthymmai Block, the leaders of the National People's Youth Front and others were also present.
The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) said that the UDP has been working hard to strengthen itself for the 2023 MLA elections, not only in Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills but also in Garo Hills. same.
I feel that as the days go by, it seems that we are losing little by little that freedom that used to be given to us.
He said that in India we have leaders who are selfish, who oppress and destroy the welfare of the people or the country, and who take the public service only as a means of relaxation and self-destruction.
On Saturday last month, the journalists visited Mawsyrpat village to inspect the households affected by the floods. During the inspection, the reporters found that many houses have been destroyed by the cold weather in which the houses have been destroyed by cricket balls. They have covered their houses with tarpar to avoid the rain and some of them have left them like that because they cannot afford to buy tarpar and have to be cleaned when the rain comes.
Shillong: Cow farmers in Upper Shillong, while talking to Rupang yesterday, said that they have not yet received any financial assistance from the Union, in any form, but they praised the The presence of the Union has made it easier for them to sell, as they have been able to sell in their own village.
During adolescence when the immune system is still strong and the immune system is strong, it does not have much health effects, but still many young people they suffer from many kinds of diseases.
Furthermore, the leaders of the party urged the Prime Minister not to return to the Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, as it still has many shortcomings in almost all aspects.
In government and aided schools, the decrease in enrollment was 86,616.
On the part of God Banker Kharkongor, he expressed his gratitude to Jadhi, Nongpoh and LS Film Production for their support.
This will save the farmers.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has sent a petition to the Sub-Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO) of Nongstoiñ District to close down all schools. the school Assembly to protect against any natural disasters.
If the revolution of Bah Arden is for the sake of protecting the nation, we are ready to give our full support, but not to make anyone's politics. long ministers now but those who are sleeping in the chair.
She said that for this purpose, the government has provided training to the butchers of the Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association so that they can use it.
Wanshemlang L Mawlong of Rasong scored the first goal for the team. The title was awarded to Wanshemlang L Mawlong of Rasong. in the course of the tournament.
Ma Madonbai Rymbai, Chief Executive Member of the JHADC, who is the candidate of the National People's Party (NPP), was also present.
This decision was taken at a meeting convened by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem and representatives of various banks and private banks operating within the Council's jurisdiction. .
Member of the Committee, Bah HM Shangpliang, after inspecting the dam, said, “We are sorry that this dam will not last until 2024, its life has ended if it is in this way".
On Prestone's statement that the government will take the details to the High Court, Gurjit said, “I think those details should have been given earlier.
He said that besides receiving training from his parents, along with the training he received from the hospital, he said that through his own hard work he will be able to treat others. people.
“When we elected MP-1, 36 MLAs and especially 60 MDCs, what else makes them remain silent.
At the same time, the athletes who won gold medals were also honored and special awards called Creative Minds were also distributed.
All liquor shops, bars and canteens should be closed on this day throughout the district. be careful.
Mumbai: The unemployment rate in Meghalaya is the third highest in India.
The new cases include EJH: 4, EKH: 86, NGH: 7, RBD: 54, SWGH: 3, SWKH: 5, WGH: 13, WJH: 9 and WKH:
“I feel that the LO should have a responsibility when he speaks on this issue and not to confuse the people of the State.
Since the past few months, the GSU has lodged a complaint that the hospital building is in poor condition but the health department has not taken any action to improve it.
On the other hand, the Dalloi of Darrang Elaka said that the Elaka will stand firm on the basis of opposition on the 9th of April at the public hearing to be held at Mossakhia.
The human body is a temple and is more precious than a temple built by human hands because God does not dwell in temples built by human hands.
Nongpoh: Pahamrioh Football Club on Monday qualified for the final of the NPYF Cup Knockout Football Tournament at the Byrnihat Sports Association Ground. In the semi final match between Pahamrioh FC and Benris FC, it was a very friendly match between Pahamrioh FC and Benris FC. The crowd, in all the two rounds of the match, ended in a fight that no one could stir up.
The Lawkyntang in the Bri u Hynniewtrep are one of the great examples that our ancestors have created to preserve the environment which benefits the present generation in many ways such as the beauty of the mountains. rivers, green trees, clean air to breathe and to remove pollution, attracting tourists and raising the profile of the state in environmental protection.
The decision was taken after a video conference between Home Secretary Ajay Kumar Bhalla and Chief Secretaries of the North Eastern States today. sun.
He said that some of the recommendations of the Committee are on Article 280 on Direct Funding, the abolition of the Dual Post and the transformation of the KHADC into Khasi. Hills Territorial Council.
“I appeal to the people of the state to allow the UDP to win with dignity so that it can lead the government as expected by everyone in
Suddenly, 2
Because the candidates saw the lack of money of the people, it encouraged them to take advantage because they understood that there is no point in discussing any issue but the people look and want only money. and it is here that those who have wealth, who know nothing of the rule of law, of the art of politics, of all kinds of matters, who have no knowledge, no proper education, but wake up from their sleep to raise money to encourage the people to contest elections.
There were also other programs which encouraged and encouraged many Paid Believers, along with many Fathers, Sisters and Youth from the Churches who came to participate.
“I explained that various projects are now underway through the Capital Investment Fund (CIF) that the Government of India has allocated to the States and through the EAPs that we are implementing and also various development projects. who walk in the State.
Others, after independence, became Ministers in the Assam Government.
The market is built in a very beautiful and attractive way where in the courtyard there are rest structures with beautifully carved marble and stone surroundings.
I don't serve without ap-kliaw to get a job.
Shillong: The AICC General Secretary Jairam Ramesh has called Dr Mukul Sangma and his party the 'Judas Mukul Party' (JMC).
It is urgent to bring Manipur back on the path of peace and reconciliation, they said.
Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng, although they lost by 10 goals, played well and managed to turn the tide and scored 3 goals in the first half and scored in the second half.
The UDP also sought clarification on the online registration of voters, and in this regard, the DC confirmed that the government has taken measures to ensure that those who apply for this, must have the necessary documents. leaf.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul Sangma said, “Politics is a very difficult job and to be a politician to run a big party like the Congress is a very difficult job. then one must know how to manage and solve the problems that come to pass that include how to build a party and how to build a political party in that democratic system.
Of Atomic Energy (DAE) has caused humans as well as animals to contract unprecedented diseases in the area.
Shillong: U Dr Donkupar Roy, Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, passed away at 2 pm today while undergoing treatment at Medanta Hospital, Gurugram.
The term of office of the incumbent Rajya Sabha MP, Wansuk Syiem of the Congress party, will expire on 12th June
He said that many things have been explained in the book for the readers to get an idea but it is up to the readers to accept and reject.
Governments have come and gone, but they have not been able to discuss with the Cantonment Board or the Ministry of Defense how to provide land for the development of these dreams which have turned into nightmares.
Sarma said the rise of the BJP is expected to come from the north of India.
Office E.E PWD (Roads) Nongstoin Division) at 11.00 am.
Ma Monbait was the brother of Nehemiah Tyngkan.
“Until now we have not received any complaint that some organizations have opposed the construction of this road but if there is such a government will take action if it receives a complaint from the government. This is the company that is building this road.
However, it is time to decide to remove the corrupt government to bring about clean, transparent and fair governance.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday expressed his gratitude to the High Court (HC) of Meghalaya for praising the decision of the state government. buses for school children as part of the efforts to reduce the traffic jam in Shillong.
The resort also has a boat lake, a swimming pool and beautifully designed accommodations.
In the 1998 election, he was defeated by Bah RA Lyngdoh of the United Democratic Party (UDP), but in 1999, he won as the Congress MDC from Sohiong-Nongspung constituency.
Nongpoh: Nonglum Sports Club, Nonglum Sports Club, have won their first title in the football tournament organized by FKJGP Jirang Circle, after beating Umiong Sports Club 1-0 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The match was held at the New Jirang Stadium.
The floods have damaged 3,863,000 houses.
It was during this period that the weakness and mismanagement of the Management and the mismanagement of the Company and the factory became evident.
The CEM said that according to the building rules of the Council, it is prohibited to build houses near the river and the Executive Committee urges the people to cooperate. For the sake of cleanliness in all aspects in compliance with the rules and regulations of the building byelaws.
Some went to the fields and others went to the river to khwai doh.
On this occasion, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw visited with the new Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nongkwar, Bah Moonstar Rumnong, three Deputy Rangbah Shnong, Bah Bankyrshanlang Nongbri, Richard Wahlang, Emerson Shabong, Secretary Ezekiel S. Mond with the participation in the preparation of the plan on how to build a beautiful tourist attraction in the village and others.
Two of them, Ricalli and Crexa, took part in the World Cup prediction game and to prove that their game is true, they took part in the World Cup prediction game. They scored a penalty, after they dropped a small ball, from the pela that was placed together.
“He added that the state government has a vision in which the residents will get adequate jobs, education and adequate health facilities.
He was arrested in Rynjah.
“This will be a necessary and strong law in which this Bill has been prepared in such a way that we can remove the confusion by any court law,” Sangma said.
Speaking on behalf of the members of the party, Bah Donald V.Thabah suggested that they should be cooperative in all aspects and should also read the newspaper. organizational structure so that the working and membership system is perfect.
At the right time, the sword that came out of the ryntieh of Kong Leba, entered the skum, she urged that the foolish shooters should not be allowed to reach the forest.
The purpose of releasing one song after another is to capture the interest of the listeners, so that they can understand the words and sound of all the songs.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said it is sad to see the TMC leader issuing a statement that he has insulted the traditional dress of the TMC. ethnic groups in the state especially the Khasi ethnic group.
The Mihmyntdu Catholic Youth Association in collaboration with the Mihmyntdu Presbyterian Youth Assembly and the Ai Jingim Foundation on 30th November organized a Blood Donation Camp at RC Eve Secondary School, Mihmyntdu.
India has often sent its films to the Oscars but because these films are not very beautiful that is why they have been rejected.
Later, the parents of these children lodged two complaints against Ronald Wahlang at Mawlai Police Station. They have tried to make peace with the parents of these two children as he has children, but it is said that the families of these two children do not want peace and want the law to take effect. treat your own work.
People, you understand the lies of these people.
Bdnews24.com reports that the Bangladesh government is aware that there are Muslims who were deported to West Bengal last November and that in November, 238 Muslims were deported to West Bengal. BGB troops have blocked the entry of Bangladesh through Maheshpur in Jhenaidah.
I pray that you will get well soon.
The HYC has also sent a letter to the Chief Superintendent of Police and suggested that in order to maintain peace and order in the border areas, the people living in these areas should be ensured and allowed to They shall take an independent decision whether they shall enter Meghalaya or Assam without any interference from any party.
The decision to hold the meeting at Motphran on the 12th of this month was taken on the 28th of this month at a meeting between the Ministers of Mylliem Hima , Paiem Lathomanik and the CEM of KHADC in his office.
Always, any order comes the right way.
Finally, I pray that God will grant me good health so that I can raise my hands in the right direction for the sake of their future and I urge the law enforcement authorities to I hope that the facts will reveal that there may be something behind the shooting death of Bah Romeo Lyngdoh (bam kwai ha dwar u blei) u “It's not my husband,” said Rilda Mary Khongji.
But some of those who became enemies like the crowd shouted, “Crucify him!
In a statement, KSU Education Secretary Readyon S Nongrum urged the Principals of all colleges to invite Khasi students to come and take part in the meeting.
Mishra also thanked all those who came to take part in the program and thanked Star Cement Limited for their cooperation in holding the workshop at the premises of Star Cement Limited. State Cement.
Shillong, June 24: As the days approach the 2018 elections, politics has become increasingly heated in the state and this time the elections are different as those who have come forward to contest are now more. young.
The report also recommended that the Tatmadaw should be completely reformed in the country, to reform the political system, and to abolish the military regime in the country. to bring about democracy and to immediately remove the MP seat in the Parliament of Myanmar.
:The Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Church Synod on Tuesday, 6th November 2023, has expressed its deep sorrow over the Cherry Blossom Festival which will be held on this Sunday. on the 19th, November 2023 at the Bhoirymbong Stadium.
Initially, the land was handed over for the construction of a guesthouse for the visit of the Prime Minister to Shillong and it was the refusal of the Meghalaya government to pay for the improvement and maintenance of it that the Assam government took over. The house has been used as the residence of the MRs of Assam.
Following the incident, the driver of the SUV and two BJP followers were killed by a group of farmers.
A skit was also presented by the alumni of the Thomas Jones School of Mission and Evangelism, which showed the arrival of Thomas Jones here and how he taught and educated the people.
The General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Panaliar, Careme Phawa, said that this time the festival will be held to raise funds for the Dorbar Shnong to improve the quality of education and other construction works. DJ Berry Gangsta from Lithuania (Europe) and DJ Ritika from Kolkata will perform.
Shillong, June 23: “It is regrettable that Bah Titos Chyne MLA Sohra has mislead the media that at the CEC meeting of the UDP on 17th June 2017, there was a split on the decision that the UDP MDCs should resign. BM Lanong Senior Working President of the UDP, said in a statement, “It is my responsibility to clarify to the public that the meeting was attended by all the parties. District UDP Khasi and Jaintia Hills, led by the President, Dr Donkupar Roy, who after discussions, put forward the proposal before the dorbar and it was accepted unanimously, except for Umsning MDC Bah D. Sumer, who stood up to express his feelings,” the statement said.
The rally will start from Madan Student at 11 pm with a public meeting at Taxi Stand Jaiaw, Motphran.
Therefore, I have elected this VPP which has the foundations for the future and heritage of the jaidbynriew and the goal ahead is to go to the voice of the people to inform that the party will bring about change in the state. and within the constituency as a whole.
The court also ordered that the hearing will be held on the 20th of this month, and the order should reach the Chief Secretary of the state and within two days, he will have to answer these questions. the government has taken.
He said that the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills has appointed a Magistrate's Inquiry into the incident.
“On the day of the BJP meeting in Umiam, I didn't see anyone in the state, but I saw only through the media, but as a minister of parliamentary department I don't have anything to do about it. This incident did not happen inside the House and therefore I have nothing to say on this”.
There is no evidence to suggest that the incident occurred in South West Garo Hills, Ampati.
Respiratory distress is the most common condition in newborns.
He said that it is necessary to create many opportunities for the youth and also to guide them in the right path.
Micah 3:1–10.
Until now, nothing has been discussed on the issue of amendment or any other way to amend Article
Therefore, we have to listen to 37,000 unemployed youth.
These places include Police Bazar, Jail Road, Keatinge Road and Polo.
Leaders of HYC General Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem, CoRP President Bandari Ryntathiang and HANM Ri Bhoi President Pateng Myrsing gave speeches and strongly criticized the government. The meeting was conducted by Samla Jason Lennox Nongrum, President HYC, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Lber, 09: The Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP), on Friday said that the Seng Riewlum needs to lead once again.
“Get up and go to sleep.
In Assam, the population is 77.42 per cent.
The candidates are good stewards only during the election , after the election there is nothing left for those who do good and good stewards The worry that there is no one to help this happens only during the elections and at other times there is no one.
The company, after completing the work, has left it without repairs besides the soil that has been scattered which has also destroyed the water wells, which has caused problems to the people.
The term Block-I, II comes from the time when the Boundary Commission is preparing to survey the boundaries of Ang to establish District Councils for the ethnic groups of Assam according to the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. .
“The Founder-CEO of Avenues, Mark L Stone, was present at the closing ceremony in Baghmara and explained the purpose of APEX by saying, “The APEX program has been developed over 20 years of work. soft skills and personal development among the youth of the state, and brings together the knowledge or skills that are essential today.
The newspaper said that the Law Department of the state is examining the VAB on the basis of the clarifications of the Governor.
The party has taken responsibility to wait until July 2, but now, when the date of the hearing has been postponed and if the people are angry, the party has taken responsibility to wait until July “The government and NGT will have to take responsibility,” he said.
What do you mean by WATER and SPIRIT? Repent and Re-Baptize “Repent, and be baptized” Acts 2:3
It is encouraging to think that not everyone has the right to health care.
“The JHADC has confirmed that Khanduli is under the jurisdiction of the JHADC, because it has a Rangbah Shnong, has received a permit from the District Council and has proper documents such as identity. and the District Council; and we stand firm that Khanduli belongs to Meghalaya,” he added.
And the devil was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet (and others) are, and shall be tormented for ever and ever" Revelation 20:7-1
In a statement, the KSU said that the KSU has received many complaints from the public regarding the misconduct of the engineer. He said that on the 8th of this month, when the union visited the office, the engineer did not come to work.
The BJP South Shillong has said that Bah Sanbor Shullai may have done this to benefit the TMC because he is a close friend of Dr Mukul Sangma. The meeting was held because Bah Sanbor stands on the BJP's position that there should be no discrimination against any religion in the country.
The village has a Dorbar Hall, a sports ground for MLAs, an Umpipe, a school for an MDC, electricity from MeECL, a PWD road, a Sub-Centre and 2 schools. Asha from Health, Village Roads, Footpaths, Fish Pond from MGNRES, 2 Anganwadi Centers and 2 Anganwadi Workers from ICDS and Umrep from Water Resources.
They are the mothers of their children and the mothers of their brothers.
He said that the PHC does not have an MBBS doctor, does not even have an X-ray.
They don't have the right to sit in the same party if they don't have the right to join another party that is in power.
The song was released on 20th June 2023 and is composed and sung by B.Kharrngi.
It is to be recalled that in recent months, there have been reports that two PDF MLAs may join the NPP, but these MLAs will inform the Central Executive. Committee (CEC) before taking the final decision.
In East Jaintia Hills, there is a factory.
On the other hand, the union has warned that from now on, it will not hesitate to arrest foreigners who come to work without proper documents, because through the illegal entry of foreigners without proper documents, the There are also many crimes especially in these factories where there are foreigners who try to attack Khasi and women and children.
Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala was born on 12th November 1951 in Mawlai Phudmawri. He joined the Silesian Order and was ordained a priest on 19th November on 02nd June 2000 to visit the Archdiocese of Shillong.
They said that the management of the company had promised that during the training they would also receive a stipend of T.9000 each, but their promise did not come true. Some of these children have been trained for more than 6 months but have not received the money promised by the management of the company.
The total number of voters in Nartiang Elaka is 7196 from 35 villages while in Shangpung Elaka 10,607 voters from 31 villages have participated only males.
These supporters and members of the UDP Mawlai said that the reason is because of the complaint of the residents who do not meet the MLA/MDC whenever they go to look for or need to meet him. to be able to talk to the leader as well as when there is a need for a leader.
In the same article it is said that the Khasi are a group descended from the Austro-Asiatic family and came to settle in the valleys of the Ganges between the 3rd millennium BC. 3000) or 5000 (BC) Before Christ (SK).
HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Home Affairs in Nongstoin, Prof. RC Laloo in Jowai, Zenith Sangma in Tura, Deborah C Marak in Williamnagar, RV Lyngdoh in Baghmara, Prestone Tynsong in Mawkyrwat, Sniawbhalang Dhar in Khliehriat, MM Dango in Ampati and Roshan Lyngdoh in Resubelpara.
The passing of their children cheered the parents who had spent thousands.
The militants detonated an IED bomb and then shot dead the army chief and others inside the vehicle, in the attack, which happened at 11 pm yesterday.
The DGP started the inspection from Mawlai Mawroh to Mawlai Kynton, Mawlai Phudmuri, Mawlai Nongpdeng and Mawlai Nonglum and ended at Mawlai Mawiong.
The CEM seat will be decided at a meeting with the RDA and later with the NPP, he said.
The final match was witnessed by the Additional Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills Banraplang Jyrwa in the presence of the Chief Guest Willbert Nongtdu.
The meeting expressed the strong opposition of the IAs to the bill which allows people from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan of non-Muslim religions to become Hindus.
Before the ceremony, dozens of residents of Madan Shnong Pahamrioh led by the Rangbah Shnong of Pahamrioh, Bah K. Suting, came from Jerobad as a welcome ceremony. This Heprit, which has brought fame and glory not only to Pahamrioh, but also to the District and the State as a whole.
The resignation of these 12 MLAs will lead to the collapse of the coalition government in the state after two Congress MLAs, Anand Singh and Ramesh Jarkiholi, resigned. , have been appointed as members of the State Legislative Assembly.
“The university operates according to the rules of the UGC,” he said.
The main goal of these two groups or organizations is for the Khasi-Jaintia Hills to gain independence from the Government of India.
Only vehicle owners who have already registered will be allowed to participate in the presidential election.
On the same day, Jinping said China had not taken sides in the war between Ukraine and Russia.
At the same time, he said that another police team is located in Block-I, Khanduli Sector with about 10-15 personnel and they have to run from the check posts to protect themselves. They were afraid of being stoned and shot by the Karbi.
Furthermore, this is the question that many churches ask why pastors or theologians want to contest elections.
Later, the Minister held a meeting with the officers of the Agriculture, Horticulture and Research, District and Local Research Stations and Laboratories of the two districts.
On Tuesday night, about 200 armed men, who are Meitei, attacked the residence of an Additional Superintendent of Police.
“We don't have anything to say about their opinion, because it is a democratic country, so the voice of everyone is very important. “But we need everyone together, so that we can take the best decision, so that we can take the right decision, in which we will discuss before we proceed,” said the Prime Minister.
Shillong, July 8: U Julius Dorphang, MLA of Mawhati, has been arrested at the Inter State Bus Terminal at Garchuk, Assam on Tuesday night.
The Fete was opened by Bah Nangsan Pakyntein, Rangbah Shnong, Dorbar Shnong Lumsohphoh and after this a Music Competition was held. Young men and women from different villages of Nongthymmai Pyllun.
He said that attempts have been made to inform all the Sordars and the people of the 71 villages that there are only 14 Rangbah Shnongs who do not want to approve it even though the people of the villages want it. they like to be in one kingdom or to have their own new kingdom.
Earlier yesterday, u Bah Syiem said that he is waiting for the day when Sonia will call him and as soon as he learned the date of the meeting, he said he will leave for Delhi. .
Niewkor Kyndiah of Khiemusniang FC won the title of the best player of the day. The NNSSCC has announced that the second round or pre quarter final of the tournament will be held in the second round of the tournament. The tournament will start on the 19th of this month where Laban SC will play against Nongrim Hills.
Meanwhile, the construction of the entry and exit gates or exit points has not been completed yet.
“The good intention of equality in status, equality in opportunities and protection of the law and friendly relations among the citizens of this country should be the goal of the UCC as expressed by the leaders of an independent country, rich in the uniqueness of its diverse ethnic groups, cultures and religions within the jurisdiction of this vast country known as India,” said the Secretary. KJCLF, Rev. Dr. Edwin H. Kharkongor in reply to the 22nd Law Commission of India.
The player who scored the wrong goal was Heavenly Lamare.
The states that came in fourth place in terms of employment are Chattisgarh, Nagaland, Odisha, Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Assam, Jharkhand and Bihar.
The first half of the match ended in a 0-0 draw.
He replied when asked whether the Cabinet will remind Amit Shah on the issues outstanding during his two-day visit to the state.
Banteidor congratulated Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah and leader who recently at the NPP meeting said that the remaining road in Jongksha will be completed.
If you plant such a crop, you should not plant it in a nursery.
In another incident, authorities in the western region of Kherson said late Wednesday that Russian shelling in the town of Bilozerka in the Kherson city had killed of a 57-year-old woman, while three others were injured in the incident.
Speaking briefly at the opening ceremony, she said that the existence of such a salon will help in the improvement of men and women. , in the dress of the beat.
“If they don't change their minds before the 7th, the day the new government is to be sworn in, we will go inside the Governor's House to sit down and we will send them down for the sake of the people. he did not choose them, but they chose the people.
The death toll from the coronavirus in Spain has risen to 3,434, with 738 deaths in the past 24 hours, the government said today.
On the evening of the 19th, an auto rickshaw driver named Rikseng raped a 17-year-old girl in a forest at Balonggre (WGH).
Before the end of the programme, Damehiwot Pde, Waheh Chong of Chilliangraij, stood up and gave a short speech and made a request to the participants. Government authorities to take more action to implement other programs which are a tool to prevent or fight against alcohol abuse.
He said that the implementation of the MCPPSSA Act will enable the private sector, civil society and villages to be the guardians to prevent the illegal implementation of this land or any projects. in the villages.
“We have set up 532 special training centers in the state where children have been trained and encouraged to go back to school,” he said.
The BJP has said that it wants Dr. Mukul Sangma to follow the example of Roshan by resigning due to the lack of peace and stability in the state.
According to RTI documents, Brawel, who lodged a complaint at Sohra Police Station on the 23rd of this month against the former Syiem of Sohra, Paiem Freeman Sing Syiem, has admitted that on the 11th of 2019, it was clearly stated that the Dorbar has not authorized anyone regarding the withdrawal of money from banks from 25th July 2018 to 31st October
People from all over the country came to participate with 411 participants of which 233 were men and 174 were women and only 364 participants were able to complete the event. you're running.
Ten quintals of fish seeds were also released and tree seeds were planted.
If they cannot tell the story to the people, they go and tell it even to the trees in the forest or to the trees in their own houses.
Paul, who is the Minister of State, has been nominated as one of the UDP candidates for the MP election along with Process T Sawkmie, Titosstarwell Chyne, Robertjune Kharjahrin and Dr.DRL Nonglait.
The number of cases in the US has risen to 3,245,158, according to the Johns Hopkins University and Medicine.
The incident comes at a time when Pakistan has experienced several attacks by militant groups on lawmakers and security forces. which are located throughout the country especially in the border areas of the country.
They say, “In the past I was a cowboy or a young man and so on.
Headingson Ryntathiang, one of the leading singers and a close friend of Rana, told Rupang that he passed away at 9 pm today.
Furthermore, the pastor explained about the difficulties that believers face in their daily lives, but by turning to Jesus Christ there is life, healing, peace, freedom and you have no hope in life.
This is also after there was a landslide on Tuesday night, due to snowfall.
The Principle/Ideology of the HYC is to conserve the culture and traditions of the Hynniewtrep people and not to change them completely as some groups have emerged these days to take away their identity from the Hynniewtrep people. guy.
“If the examination fee for the children is T.150 tyngka, how many schools will have to charge more to provide for the examination fee, vehicle fee,” said Bah Snaitang in a written statement.
Speaking on the occasion, Superintendent of Police Giri Prasad said that drugs are a very common drug even in the rural areas and it is only with the cooperation of the people from the village authorities, women. Youth together with the police to eradicate such beverages in the district and villages, because through the influence of drug users many crimes arise from theft, murder which affects the society. society.
Advocate Dilwar Singh (29) said his uncle and brother have been at the protest since it started, and his family grows wheat, potatoes, peas.
Pay Scale:- Level 15th of Revised Pay Structure with other allowances as admissible.
The meeting started with a presentation of data and statistics on the increase in the number of cases of mental illness in the state and the urgent need to address this serious problem.
Kong Ampareen said this while visiting Ïewduh to meet with the farmers who come to sell their produce. She also discussed the kilo cut of produce by the traders. .
Therefore, for the benefit of the people, in connection with the deterioration of the road, EJHTO&TA, demands from the relevant authorities from the state government to the central government to immediately repair the road. In this regard, EJHTO&TA extends its full support to the SWS East Jaintia Hills District, the KSU Narpuh Circle and the JSM Eastern Region. Shillong, Nailur, 14: By implementing Rules 16,17 of the Prevention of Cruelty to The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order not to allow any more The people shall not throw the cows on the ground or throw them from the head and from the necks when they intend to kill them for meat.
The Indian Oil Corp., the country's largest oil supplier, has announced the price hike.
Mondal said that when he lost the election, he decided not to contest because he didn't feel useful when he did well, people don't remember, but it was PA Sangma who encouraged him.
Nongpoh: The Mynri-Umsning Upper Primary School, Mawbri area of ​​Ri Bhoi District, has received rotten and rotten rice from the authorities to inspect the work of delivering rice to schools. to distribute the Mid-day Meal to the children inside the school.
On the other hand, the NNSSCC expects that the match between these teams will be very interesting.
It cannot be said that the people can be served better through politics than through health care.
“If the government bans government employees from holding village and party jobs, it shows that there has been a breakdown in the rule of law of this government,” said Bah Bindo.
They also alleged that the Lum Manik Raitong Union has refused to discuss their support for the company in the meeting held by the HNYF and KSU on the 7th of last month. They show that they don't have any responsibility for their children but they support them blindly but they get contract jobs in the company without thinking about the future.
Shillong: The Deaconess Social and Development Society of Shangpung Presbytery in collaboration with the Nehru Office has organized a training on Youth Leadership and Personality Development, on 22nd November 2018 at Shangpung Mission Village. Yuva Kendra Sangathan Jowai (Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports Government of India) funded by the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) of the Government of India through the Meghalaya Administrative Training Institute (MATI), Shillong.
On the other hand, the JSU has expressed its gratitude to the government for allocating more jobs for the B.ED College at Kiang Nangbah College for the year
It is also hoped that the Crowborough Hotel will be completed and opened next year as it is too late.
According to Dienshonhi, “the households are the households and the friends.
On receiving a tip at 5:30 pm, the Special Cell from the SP's office and Sadar PS raided the hotel and arrested two persons. Sajan Dey, 35, of Mokandapur, West Bengal and Sudipta Das of Jail Road, Shillong.
Therefore, in a spirit of gratitude, the FKJGP Ranikor Circle has donated household items including rice and money in the presence of the General Secretary. Belsi Kharbani, President of FKJGP Ranikor Circle, Ferdinand Iawphiniaw, Village Minister of Nongkdait-Nongna, Emeral Langte and members of FKJGP Nongnah Unit.
Two or three months ago I received a phone call that these Karbi were ruining their lives.
Speaking after the meeting, District Council Affairs (DCA) Minister Prestone Tynsong said, “We will hold the mid-term MDC elections in seven constituencies in November”. .
They also alleged that when the family members asked for an ambulance, the doctors said there was no ambulance. The doctor replied that there was no nurse in the hospital.
It is learned that Khan has sent his friends to help him find another woman to marry him for the fourth time. .
He said that the CSR department has also been able to complete the road connectivity in the border areas, including Borsora and Shymplong. CSR, we will continue to work hard and collaborate with the people to develop the area,” said Devander Bansal.
Milton said New Delhi should take action on the situation in Garo Hills these days and appoint an officer to talk to the rebel groups. “The people can't sit still anymore, it's enough, it's enough”.
The truck number K25 C8817 was registered in the truck.
There are 6 men and 1 woman in Wushu.
About 6700 ASHA workers have participated in COVID Village Health Awareness Groups and Active Case Search Groups in Containment Areas.
Because you don't know who will get the ticket, you can't tell who is stronger.
It is not easy not to listen to what others say.
The deceased was taken to Woodland Hospital, Shillong on 03-05-2
The villages where the households have been affected by the disease are Pamrakmai, Pamrapaithlu, Wapung Shnong, Sohkymphor, Byrwai, Suchen, Iapmala, Byndihati, Lumshnong, Cham Cham and other villages in the district. District.
Nongpoh, June 21: Thousands of children of the Raid Nongtung in Ri-Bhoi District today flocked to Nongbah Ummat, a village on the border with Assam in Block II, to witness the Shad Lakhempong Festival. Raid Nongtung, which is held once a year, has been temporarily suspended due to the outbreak of Covid-1
There were five rawon in the area and two of them had stayed overnight on the 16th of July while three of them had just arrived. on the 17th step.
At present, 7 districts have contested within 40 percent, while 5 districts have received only 40 percent.
The climb is 3 km per hour.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, in a statement on 23rd June, said, “This is about the issuance of SC/ST Certificates in Meghalaya. One of the requirements to be submitted includes a Tribe Certificate from the relevant authorities for the land under the KHADC which must be submitted. be important.
Ymbon said that these departments of the state government have also provided assistance to the civil administration and police departments in maintaining peace and order in the state. meetings held by central and state government departments and others.
Therefore, it is the value of others according to their power, rank and wealth.
Jowai, Jymmang 27: U Wailadmiki Shylla, MLA of Jowai Constituency, in his speech at the inauguration ceremony of the Renovation of Jowai Water Supply Scheme at Urkhla Khimusniang, Jowai, on Tuesday said that he is determined to complete the project. Iawmusiang since he won the 2018 election.
The country belongs to Hindus, Muslims, Sikhs, Christians and others... this country belongs to everyone, not to anyone's father.
“With my cooperation with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, we should always fall under Meghalaya as we used to be,” he said.
This big move by the factories has upset the indigenous people who are the owners and drivers of the trucks.
Besides RA Lyngdoh, other office bearers of the UDP East Khasi Hills District are Teinwell Dkhar as General Secretary, Banalari Khongwar as Treasurer, Pretty Kharpyngrope as President of the Women Wing and Hamlet Dohling as President of the UDP. youth wing president.
Mewothi Gatphoh, Treasurer Rtn.
He said that the Wangala Shad started in 1976 in Asanang.
“When the issue of lifting Article 370 from Kashmir was discussed, many people said that if it is lifted, the whole country will burn and after this, Article 370 has been lifted. Kashmir.
It is because of this that the leaders and the Government of Meghalaya in the 1970s and onwards have enacted many laws and regulations under the powers conferred by the Constitution of India to take measures to protect the people of the state. and the earth and the shyiap and others.
And if the government continues to listen to our demand to abolish the personal interview for Group C and D posts, we will have to think of other ways”.
Police are on duty and are investigating the situation in Guwahati and surrounding areas.
The JSU has demanded that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should immediately provide the necessary facilities so that the existence of this CHC will benefit the entire area.
Therefore, the union itself has raised the question whether it does not meet the demands of the teachers and whether the teachers from LP, ME, SSA and college teachers receive their salaries once every 3 months or up to 4 months.
Flies are more likely to live in water bodies and can infect your children and put them at risk of disease and illness.
Teachers and Church Leaders should be the collectors of the richest words from those villages and include them in the standardized Khasi dictionary in order to enrich the Khasi language.
Mattummal was injured in the semi-final against Meghalaya in the second half after colliding with one of Meghalaya's defenders.
“I am very happy.
In order to enter the full territory of India, the Khasi chiefs had to sign the Instrument of Merger.
The NDRF and SDRF troops have worked hard to rescue the victims, but due to the depth of the crematorium which is 370 feet above sea level and the water level is not less than 70 feet, the troops have not been able to do anything.
“If the government thinks about the development of the people, they should think about bringing schools and health facilities in the area,” said Bah Nonglang. The staff of the PHC in Wahkaji and other sub centers but there is not enough money to do these things for the benefit of anyone.
i am that person who can control my own desires well.
The fungus that causes this disease can also spread to the seeds, causing them to rot.
Bah Mo is the leader of the Khasi community in the state and an elderly man who has been successful in his work until his old age to fulfill his duty.
On the suggestion by many that the matter should be taken to the court as it is the decision of the court, Bah Ardent said that before taking the matter to the Assembly, he thought and did not see that There will be no problem because it is the duty of the Legislature to make laws, not the Court.
“Of course, we understand that there are cases where it is necessary to bring in foreign workers to complete any jobs that the Khasi youth cannot do, but to pay the bills. We cannot accept all these foreigners”.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Diskonis Nongrum, President of MALTD&OA, said that the reason why the taxi drivers have come forward to repair the potholes on the road , is after they can no longer tolerate the deterioration of the road, because the deterioration of the road, has caused a lot of trouble to these commercial vehicle drivers to use the road.
I don't agree 100 percent with the music, to fit in this film, (it can be done better) but what is very shocking and inspiring, is the mixture of sounds, or fusion, between traditional and English music.
Pastor Hynniewta said that the Christian life is a life in which we have to strive every day to have the image of God in us as He created man in His image.
“When we arrived at Tangmang, we asked the residents of Tangmang where Phrin lived,” said Bah Donbor, but suddenly she was on the road in a shop. , so the people of the village said that it was Kong Phrin.
Then the road leading to Khlieh Iewduh, which has been destroyed, which no one has ever seen, has been constructed and cleaned.
After a while, my family called and told me that there was bad news about my husband,” said Bah Jun's wife, Kong Anibahun Khongwet.
In 2012, the donation was T.19,950 tyngka and in this year, 5 poor people were selected to participate in the distribution of items worth T.3990 tyngka.
Shatrughan Sinha has made it clear that he will work hard for his wife this time, although he has made it clear that he will not support any non-Congress candidates.
He also expressed his sorrow and shock over the news of the death of Deenadayalan Vishwa and sent his condolences to the family.
Speaking on the resignation of BJP President Earnest Mawrie, Ao said that as a BJP party, there will always be mistakes in language and misunderstanding of what the leader has said. “But as a party, we will decide if there is such a thing,” he said.
The most important is the lack of proper functioning of the Gram Sevaks of the Block.
According to information received, Dr. LR Bishnoi has also met with the Chief of Police of Assam at West Karbi Anglong to discuss the issue of maintaining peace and order in the area. & Order) PK Bhuyan, DIG (Central Range) Assam Satyaraj Hajarika, Deputy Commissioner West Karbi Anglong Krishna Barua in the presence of Superintendent of Police Giri Prasad, SP WKA Indranil Barua, DFO of Hamren R Engti and others.
“After a while we saw the shooting and we tried to protect the victim,” said Marak.
It may be recalled that there are 7 vacancies after the resignation of MDCs and 6 of them are in KHADC while one is in JHADC. HDR Lyngdoh MDC of Nongspung-Sohiong on 23rd July 2015, Ardent M Basaiawmoit of HSPDP Nongkrem on 24th July 2015, Sanbor NCP MDC from Laban-Mawprem, Metbah Lyngdoh MDC from Mairang-Nongkhlaw, H. Brolding Nongsiej MDC from Pariong-Mawthadraishan and KP Pangniang MDC from HSPDP from Rambrai-Jyrngam.
When this road is completed, the tourists will be more comfortable, because in Mawphanlur there are enough accommodation facilities and to go to the Mawthadraishan hill is easier, not like all the tourists. They stayed overnight at Mawphanlur and if they wanted to go to the Mawthadraishan hills, they had to go down to Markasa to Nongshillong and pass through Domkseh.
Police have lodged a complaint at Ladrymbai Outpost.
The wisdom that man has acquired has become one of the privileges that God has bestowed upon us human beings.
These areas are the hilly areas inhabited by the Garo people.
All shops near the building should be closed as well as government offices and private workplaces.
The businessman, Abu Jiyat Shah, admitted that the money was for his own business, but due to the election rules, the money was seized at 6.30 pm yesterday. .
Writing in X, Manipur police said that about 300 to 400 people had planned to attack the SP's office and threw stones at the office. , they shot with lightning bolts and dispersed the crowd.
When asked what was the purpose of building the car, Donbok said that he built it for pleasure, but after he built it, he said that there were many passengers. Those who came to Sohra took pictures of his car, expressing their surprise to see this small car.
Whenever there are meetings, the office bearers of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, say that the Dorbar itself invites all the Nongmihkhmat of Ri Bhoi, whether MLAs or MDCs, to participate in the demand for Patharkhmah. Civil Sub-Division, but the leaders of the NPP party did not come.
Mairang, July 7: The Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya, in collaboration with the Basin Development Unit, Nongstoin, has organized the Environment Day. The Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, was the chief guest at the program held at the Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Mairang. The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej, BDO of Mairang Block, Bah CP Mawkon, employees of various government departments in the district, village leaders, teachers and students.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, HYC Riwar Mihngi Circle President Edmund Khongnai said that Prestone Tynsong was campaigning for the 2013 election. When he was in the Congress party, he promised to bring about development in these areas.
The Secretary also briefed on the achievements of the NEC in the development of resources in the region.
The four robbers were sentenced by the District and Sessions Judge Kong G.Rani on the orders of the District and Sessions Judge. which have been released in the last months of
The Israelites chose the curse from 70 AD. Deuteronomy 28:15-6
The meeting was attended by party leaders, four MLAs and hundreds of people.
The DC explained in detail about the PMAY-G scheme and other Swachh Bharat schemes, toilet scheme, LPG, loans and back assistance.
Responding to the news of the killing of three sons of Hamas leader, Israeli officials said that even Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Minister of Foreign Affairs The defense ministry also had no information on the raid by Israeli troops on the families of the top Hamas leader.
Through these words of HS Shylla, “It is the father who gave birth, the father is the seed but the jait pat is the mother”, it is not clear that HS Shylla will support the jait kpa.
It is hoped that the government will be able to resolve and eliminate this insult to the farmers.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the decision of the state government last month to withhold the salaries of government employees for the months of June and June, is due to the Covid -19 outbreak in the state.
“As an MLA, I am pleased that this office will be rebuilt.
Bora (2/50) and Manish Sharma (2/61) took two wickets each for Haryana to score 124/4
The recent invasion by the Forest Department in 2023 has also raised doubts among some of the residents of this village because the trees are a precious treasure who does not produce milk.
The Choir of the Mawlangkhar Presbyterian Church also performed.
Explaining on this part of the demand, Bah Lanong said that allowing women to take part in the election of the Rangbah Shnong has nothing to do with the customs and traditions of the Khasi people. It is the right of the women as citizens to elect the Rangbah Shnong.
We want to meet especially with the Prime Minister so that we can understand what the government's intention is.
Shillong, Nailar 22 : The Meghalaya Carrom Association (MCA) will hold the 20th Meghalaya Open Carrom Championship Cum Selection for the 50th Senior Nationals to be held in New Delhi on November
The Seng urges the District Administration to ensure that the Khasi teachers who teach in these areas are in peace and demands that such people who cause ethnic discrimination should be punished. by announcing and stirring up the Jaitbynriew to put the Khasi teachers in the midst of fear which will also affect the peace and stability in the future.
The RBSU will continue to monitor this demand and will soon send a letter of complaint to the Telecom Enforcement Resources and Monitoring (TERM), Northeast Telecom Circle, Meghalaya in charge of the state. Through the efforts of these departments, the union has recently sent a letter of complaint to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi, Dr. Pooja Pandey. Take action on this issue raised by the union to talk to the authorities in charge of the radiation impact from mobile towers.
AIS SujaWhen we talk about Satan and his kingdom, it does not mean that we worship or praise him.
There are four areas in the Rongai Valley Medium Irrigation Project but these areas are damaged every year by the rise of water from the Brahmaputra and Jingjiram rivers.
When asked about the BJP's allegations, the NPP leader said, “You can go to Garo Hills and investigate the situation and witness what Agatha has done.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ma Monlang Ladong Rangbah Shnong of Lumshnong, said, “We are against it because they have not received the approval”. for the purpose of mining,” he said.
Bah K Langstieh, one of the fish vendors, said that by 12 noon, he had sold about 30-40 kilos on the first day of the market.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, in an interview with the media on Tuesday, said that this decision was taken after some members of the Legislative Assembly raised this issue in the the Synrai Dorbar which has just ended in the Legislative Assembly.
We’ll be watching for a few more hours to learn the facts.
Do we as Christian Families have a close relationship with our Lord Jesus Christ? Do you have a close relationship with God? The answer is ours to ask and answer.
Nongpoh, March 07: The RBP Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh today inaugurated the ' Football Academy' within the school as part of the training and education of the students in the field of football.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 13: More than 40 men and women as well as children from Nongkhrah village in Ri Bhoi district have been admitted to hospital since Saturday after suffering from sudden illness. They ate the meat when they went to eat at a restaurant in the village.
“After receiving a tip that there was smuggled gold across the border to Barpeta, CCP-Shillong officers seized a Maruti EECO. on the evening of the 13th of this month at Diengpasoh,” said a statement from the Commissioner of Customs (Preventive), Shillong.
Where does the party get the money to spend during the elections? Is it your company to get money? Who doesn't support it? Why does a candidate spend money on an election? What will happen to us and our children if there is too much money in the elections? In this article I will show you a little bit how when we elect our leaders who are deceived by The money for five years is for the poor who have to face greater challenges than those who have nothing.
All the Chairman of District Councils were also invited to attend the meeting.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Phira Khongphai, Rangbah Shnong of Lumshyiap, said that the Executive Dorbar in collaboration with the police have found the mother who broke the child. and she was between 21 and 22 years old.
On the second day of the raid, CBI officials first raided the residences of BJP MLA Partha Sarathi Chatterjee in Ranaghat and four other places in Nadia, Uluberia and Diamond Harbour.
Furthermore, if anyone violates the village/government prohibitions, the village will take the necessary action.
For example, royal markets are also widespread.
The driver of the battalion was identified as K Suchiang.
While he was about to return home, a neighbor spoke.
In this regard, the REC has set a requirement for the State Government in two parts, the first part that the REC has set that the State Government should give 100% responsibility for this. ram by including the money in the state budget.
It seems that history continues the same way – and it gets worse and worse and it seems that it doesn't help anything for mankind's well-being.
Former Australian cricketer and current Delhi Capitals Indian Premier League (IPL) captain Shane Watson has said that the new captain of the team David Warner has the most important role to play in proving himself as a skilled player and as the new leader of the team in the tournament which will start on the 31st of this month. month.
However, the most important thing is to be a leader in politics or in the rule of law.
The SP said that on receiving information about the incident, the Laitumkhrah Police Station rushed to the scene and found the incident and arrested 16 persons. there is no confusion that cannot spread.
[continuing] Our country is a fertile one; but the farmers are the poorest people and the most vulnerable? The farmer in the north had three or four chariots, except for the plow, the wheat; Our farmer doesn't even have a wooden cart.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest, Wailadmiki Shylla, said that human rights should be granted to every citizen and urged that such programs should be held from time to time so that it will be a benefit for students.
It is up to you to first understand your own strength and your own true worth.
Meanwhile, supporters said that the RTE will exempt the part-time schooling of children and will also open the door for those poor families who find it difficult to attend school.
We expect development schemes and works to flow in the constituency,” she said.
His children will go to school on 14th Feb, and Bhalang's will go to school on 12th Feb.
“Therefore, we need leaders who can make laws and those laws must be in accordance with our culture, and who must also understand that they are the providers of the people and not anyone else. “Once a day, the Khasi people will be in great danger,” said Bah Syiem. At the same time, he urged the authorities of Rambrai area to pass laws to protect the uniqueness of the Khasi people. Besides the CEM, the speakers on the occasion included Bah M. Mawaor MDC Mawshynrut, the President of 110 villages and others.
"Fellow Khasi, it is not only the Lyngngam who call the Garo 'Dko', but also the Nongtrai, Muliang, Dkir, Nongphlang... who live near the Garo, including the kingdoms: Nongstoin, Langrin, Nonglang, Riangsih. , Jyrngam, Rambrai, ...all the Garo people are called 'Dko' to this day.
He said that the KHADC will join hands with the party in relation to the ban on issuing trading licenses to foreigners.
Brother said that the incident has reached the ears of the Christian Brothers in the past few years, where there has been an investigation by the group and it has come true, according to the Mary Kurkalang, who admitted that there was an investigation, about 5-6 years ago, but the investigation has not ended, because she does not want to tell. The reason is that there was no group of women in the investigation and besides that they investigated without informing her.
Russia has accused Israel of attacking a military base in Homs, saying the attack was unprecedented.
In addition to the scheme, MLAs as legislators should introduce policies for the State on how to improve the livelihood and income of the citizens.
No minister or MLA will withdraw money from his own budget. All the money distributed here and there is public money which should be spent on the improvement of roads, schools, proper payment of teachers, to provide health facilities and to provide drinking water.
I would like to ask others this question.
Those who were born in this village :-(A) LOCATION :- This village is located in a longer area – a little longer – not like other Riwar villages where there were some (b) Valleys – Valleys like Mawklor Valley – Masyntem Valley – also Tlong Valley – Wei – bnoh which is similar to the Kshaid in other countries of the world.
The forest is burning.
If only one language is used in the whole country, it will inevitably cause serious problems in society and in the workplace and in the community, as India is a country of identity. one among the many contradictions.
Shillong, July 17: The Search and Rescue Team (SRT) of the Fire and Emergency Services, Shillong on Saturday found the body of a child at about 3:30-400 pm. One person was killed and three others killed when a vehicle collided with a vehicle in Wah Sohklur near Mawsynram, East Khasi Hills District on the 13th of this month.
To strengthen the State Government Program Implementation and Monitoring Committee, the Government has appointed two Vice Chairman, Gagann Jain and Bah Hubert Marbaniang.
He said this at a short meeting held at the ground floor of Mawroh CHC, where he also explained the reasons for the urgent need to upgrade to a CHC, as this CHC serves more than 40,500 people. residents of Lyngkyrding, Shyiap, Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Mawlai area.
The UDP said that this request of the government shows that the Congress-led government wants to encourage the movement of MDc in KHADC from one party to another.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said, “We have made it clear that we are working with the NDA for development but when it comes to issues affecting the people of NDA, In the east, we will stand firmly against and we will not tolerate those who are against the people.
Regarding this, the group demanded that the CEM of JHADC should take action against this allegation and demanded to protect the land and boundaries of the villages and Ekalas under the JHADC. JHADC without any hesitation, also demanded to rectify the boundary between Meghalaya and Assam on the basis of the history, maps and documents of the villages and Elaka within the JHADC. After a meeting with the CEM of JHADC, the Save Hynniewtrep Mission (KAC) has launched a letter to the CEM of JHADC. Shillong, Naiwieng: The 97th batch of Computer Trainees and the 37th Batch of Mother Tongue Students of Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center was held in Shillong on 29th November
LPG distributor.
He said that the areas declared as 'Thymmei' of pig disease include Gingo pig farm in West Garo Hills, Masighat in South Garo Hills, Syllei U Lar, Madan and Mawlyngkhung in Ri-Garo Hills. District and Tiehsaw are located in Nongstoin.
Regarding the election next year, Bah W.Sohlang, one of the leaders of the HSPDP, said that the election in Mawthadraishan Constituency next year will be very interesting. The leaders of all three parties have worked hard day and night to go to manla villages and polling stations to meet the people and to ask for their cooperation and support to win them.
I didn’t even dare to ask the result it just lasted until the next morning.
"I don't know how to make you feel better about your son..." said Bahdeng. Lanosha looked at both of them as they talked. Lanou Bahdeng's mother asked. Bahdeng smiled and replied boldly, “Then, Mother, I don't have anything to do with you.
The new estimate of the expenditure of Rs 816 crore after his retirement should be questioned by the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare. James K Sangma, said that this amount of money has been spent more than the estimated amount.
The two-wheeler they were riding in has been seized by the police.
This is the first time that a foreign BPO has come to start in the state.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Nangkiew Irat 3-2 in the U-18 Shillong Premier League on Saturday.
Therefore, it is believed that the rich are the most honorable in this world, the poor are not honorable even if they are rich and that is especially true in this age. .
Besides the residents and village leaders of Sohra and Shella, others who attended the function included Sohra MLA Gavin Miguel Mylliem, Shella MLA Balajied Synrem and MDC Sohra. Bah Titosstarwell Chyne.
Our prayer as a church and private prayer are important at this time.
“This has severely affected the income of the people and also affected the unemployment, prosperity, the unemployment that we used to live in the past has come to an end. Since the ban on coal in 2014, as the poet SoSo Tham said, “There is a time for everything.
He said that now the decision on this issue is up to the Central Government, and let the Central Government approve on this.
The order from the DC's office of EKH has also clarified that the entry and exit of people from other districts into East Khasi Hills has been banned and the shops that will open will be only those recognized by the government. The district authorities have not yet decided.
“I have returned home to the Congress party, after being deceived in 2016 by the BJP's false promises, Modi came to power after exposing the corruption of the BJP. “The Congress party is old, but now the BJP has changed,” he said.
In fact, household chores should be done at home and not on the street or to publish news of something wrong,” he said.
Jowai, June 12: The Inter School Athletic Meet, 2022 will be held soon at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai on Tuesday. on the 11th, 12th and 13th of January, 2022, after being suspended for two years due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
Now in these days, the Sengbhalang is reminding us of the disease of the nation “The Destruction of the Hehpaid”.
The most important thing is the close relationship between parents and children, and when there is this spiritual relationship between parents and children.
Thus, we can see that wealth alone is not enough, we still need power in our own hands.
It is worth mentioning that the festival was held specifically to welcome the arrival of the Amur Falcon, which came from Siberia to nest in Umru. in other places nearby, who have been coming for four years now, in such months.
Jowai, Nailar 13: A family in Wapung village has benefited greatly from the cultivation of flowers and this has helped the family to improve their income especially when they encounter stones from the National Green. Tribunal on coal mining and transportation.
In a letter signed by 38 members of the group, the NECRF on Sunday urged the Chief Minister of Assam to “take action against these unpleasant signs in Assam” and to The Assam Healing (Prevention of Evil) Practices Bill, 2024, which has recently been passed, should be reconsidered.
At about 2 PM, the group received a tip that a rongsaw vehicle was coming from Hamren.
They urged the Prime Minister to do something about it.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday raided Trading License and Professional Tax in Laitumkhrah area and ordered the closure of many shops. foreign states who have not provided these necessary documents to the Council.
But I'm better off on Sunday because I didn't go to work.
Shillong, Nailar 16 : A group of wild elephants have attacked and damaged houses and crops in Kurung village, Pedaldoba, West Garo Hills on the morning of the 15th. a mother and a five-year-old son and an elderly man.
The Vice President of HITO Ribhoi, Elvis Kyrsian, said that the TMC leader's statement has shocked the entire nation that his apology through social media has not been completed. He should apologize in writing and apologize in front of the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep otherwise the party will not allow him to enter the state.
The union is also concerned about the complaints of the people who eat beef about the increase in the price of beef due to the increasing smuggling of beef to Bangladesh.
Giving his words of encouragement to these youths, Samla Shemphang Lyngdoh Mawphlang, said that the party calls upon all the youths to unite like other ethnic groups.
If this is the case, it is a great shame for the leaders of Ri Bhoi District and if they don't, they don't hesitate to come to the people when the time comes for them to campaign for the elections. time of need of the people are wasted and they avoid discussing with the people on the problem faced by the people.
The dignity of human beings has declined with the passing of the days due to the heinous and devastating crimes committed by bloodthirsty people and people who have lost their sense of self-confidence and are quick to kill the soul of man. to satisfy the desires of his heart.
We hope that in this MDC election 2019 the party will do better and increase in the number of MDCs and later in winning more MLAs. to wake up from sleep and to stimulate the physical and mental strength how to strengthen the strength and skills of it, especially by working hard to encourage and encourage people to grow. party.
It is hoped that this road will not have any more obstacles and that it will run smoothly to reach these villages which have at least 6 villages.
Caroline Colony.
The political situation in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has deteriorated over time, due to the lack of laws to prevent MDCs from acting at will.
He urged the youth to take advantage of this training and to work hard so that they can reach their goal.
Many of the questions for the various subjects that the students have appeared/attempted are not very different from the MBOSE question paper every year except for the subject Social Sciences which the students have said that The MBOSE has set a variety of questions from the previous year.
In North Garo Hills, there are 8 new cases, 43 cases in Ribhoi, 10 cases in Mawtnum, 6 cases in Tyrso, 5 cases in Umkei and 4 cases in Umtrew.
Not only that, but she also runs more than 40km every Sunday from Shillong to Sohra.
