The accused was arrested on 17th June and is currently undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS Shillong on the orders of the medical officer.
These findings are in accordance with the review of the registration, published on 5 July
The HFU said earlier that during these times it is the time to water the fields that have been planted, while those that have been planted have started planting.
The planting of 1500 Cherry Blossom trees will serve as a message to the residents that they should be aware of climate change, he said.
As soon as he arrived in Ri Khasi, he was first assigned to Shella, which was the new mission field at that time.
The trial injection was conducted by seeking information about the health workers, then the administration of the trial injection and then any injury to the body of the patient. those injected, after 30 minutes.
The Krohiawhiar Football Club on the 17th of this month launched the Tigers Fives tournament at Mawbkhap Stadium.
Meanwhile, Mr. Sngawbhalang Dhar in his speech informed about the various schemes that the government has implemented for the Jowai Constituency, from roads, roads, and beautification of Jowai city and others.
Shillong, June 29: There are now four active cases of Covid-19 in the state.
This is a violation of the foreign police and I urge the police who are paradoh parasnam not to listen to the illegal activities of other law enforcement officers who spread the case especially those in charge of peace and order. law in the village,” said the statement.
“All the milk and fish in the state has been exported to other states and this happened after the NPP became the National Party. “As a National Party to strengthen the party, what we have got from this state has been taken away and the state has turned into a tyrkhong,” said Finely and urged the UDP supporters “not to be deceived and The UDP has been invited to join other parties because if the UDP comes to power, it will not be a national or regional party.
The rally started from Children's Hospital and ended at Market Complex, New Nongstoiñ, where hundreds of ASHAs from all over the villages in the district came to express their demands to the State Government.
These areas will be adjacent to the existing Police Station and will be a promotion.
The session of the state assembly in Haryana will end on 27th March, while in Maharashtra it will end on 8th November.
Mukroh village falls under Mowkaiaw Constituency and the wish of the voters of this village is to have an exact border and a full border outpost.
The foundation stone of the PHC was laid in 2002 and it took up to two years to open the PHC due to lack of water.
Besides the chief guest, MB Rymbai CEM JHADC, SM Suna Local MDC, SM Sari, General Secretary Seiñ Raij Mukhla, RM Garod Daloi Nangbah Elaka and residents of Mukhla were also present.
During the programme, the GM (O-i-C), RBI and GM (O-i-C), NABARD gave speeches to the participants on many issues and on the benefits of banks as well as in relation to the activities related to financial activities.
He said that Rakkam A. Sangma, who is also in charge of the Education Department, has promised to take action to set proper rules for any agency that agrees to send Khasi children to study abroad. play chess.
Foreigners can because they have their own houses, villages and settlements outside the border of Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, Lber 20: Former Mawlai-Bah MLA Process T Sawkmie, has expressed his gratitude to the hard work of the sisters to improve education and other services in the state.
The deterioration of this road has put the traffic of the people, especially in these areas, in great difficulty.
The Spanish defense ministry said an A400 plane that left Zaragoza carrying 56 rescue team members and four tracking dogs was sent to Marrakesh to rescue and rescue the victims. look for those who are left in those places that have fallen.
Police have arrested Pynmanglang Iawphniaw (21) of Nongsder-Damsite, Sunshine Nongbri (32) of Umroi Nongtraw and Paia Talang (20) of Lawsohtun Block. -5 Shillong.
The topics of discussion and discussion were on a letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, sent to the Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, requesting comments on the petition, The Dorbar was approved by the Government of India in July
“The government has also taken measures to improve its water sources and surroundings through financial support from the Asian Development Bank.
If 50 forms are issued every day, how many more forms will be sold and how much more money will be donated to the CMRF until the SSLC results are released.
Informing that the Khasi have to pay tax on agricultural products to the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC), the Union said, “We Khasi who live in these border areas have to pay tax. Heavy revenue collected by KAAC at four revenue collection gates, Mawsladiang, Sabuda, Pabang Jatalong, Umjaknieh and Umsohphoh/Madan Umwang market.
The KSU said that there is no doctor at the hospital and the emergency room is empty.
The soldier was identified as Pratap Ranjan Parida of Malla village of Badatara Panchayat in Gop Block of Puri district.
“If the youth of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum take this path, the blame will be on the government and the responsibility will be on the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma,” said Ma Tuesday Lytep.
Referring to the GNM and MCH Hospital, the Nongpoh MLA said that the sites where the government has planned to set up these schools and health centers in Nongpoh and Umran Niangbyrnai, have been completed. shading, but the remaining is due to the lack of roads, electricity and water supply.
The best tyrpad leaves are found in Mawsynram and Phlangwanbroi.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner said that the smoking of tobacco or cigarettes in shops is also prohibited and the shops of those who violate or do not comply with this order will be closed down.
This has been used for many sports purposes such as district sports clubs, instructors clubs, and others.
He said that the key holder who used to open the gate to enter the market arrived late when he was informed about the incident.
In the third match between Lumbhahdakha Wahiajer and Mookaswan Dongnein, Lumbhahdakha Wahiajer won 6-0 goals. Heimonmi Dkhar scored in the 13th and 70th minutes, Gideon Mukhim in the 34th and 60th minutes, Clever Lyngdoh and Kamwamut Pakem each in the 39th and 80th minutes. +2.
The Sordars of nine villages including Pyndenglawar, Nongritong, Mawrokporsohsat, Syllei, Porsohsat, Nongsopian and Domkohsam, today visited the road and found that the road has been damaged. the road has 1.40 metres.
According to the Power Ministry of the Union Government, electricity consumers have the right to receive electricity 24 hours a day (24×7) and have the right to fees from electricity distribution companies.
In the first raid, they seized four shops which used to sell Khasi songs and movies to the public by inserting them into their memory cards of mobile phones.
The drama of the Women's Church of the Presbyterian Church Nongstoiñ, has touched the audience and has caused many of the viewers to cry because of the impact of the drama.
He also made it clear to the people that they should not be misunderstood especially when there is a cooperation with the BJP, because even if they cooperate, the NPP will never allow the issues of the people to be affected.
The police said that more details will be released after the post-mortem.
“When we discussed this policy, the government said that it has prepared it,” said Bah Nongsiang.
The number of new cases has risen to 8,382 and the number of deaths to 1,90,5
James said what will happen to the people if the MLA continues to run away like this.
“Because of the lack of ASHAs in these days, many of those who need treatment have suffered a lot, even in the health centers, all the ASHAs have helped them,” said Bah Sawkmie.
At the same time, the rainfall in Umiam was 15.2mm, while in Shillong, it was only 0.5mm.
“In fact, we had arranged with the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma to visit Khanduli, West Jaintia Hills this month but due to the division of constituencies in the state, we had to postpone. “I have postponed the matter to another date,” Conrad told reporters on Friday.
Nongpoh: Police in Ri Bhoi District, have arrested a man from Mizoram, who lives in Baridua, Ri Bhoi. Thousands of rounds of ammunition, other ammunition and others were also seized.
JOWAI: To mark the 10th Anniversary of the Poshan Abhiyan, a program launched by the Central Government to provide food to children and women; The District Program Officer (ICDS) Jaintia Hills Unit on Tuesday held a Poshan Mela at Iawpynsin Wahiajer Market.
The STEDS has canceled the Lukha Festival this year due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
“How many hours in wan...?” Riia asked.
Earlier, he accused the clergy of opposing his government and in 2016, he accused Pope Francis of being the son of a prostitute and later apologized to the authorities. Vatican administration.
Ribok Hynniewta, Teimi Passah and Heimonlang Lyngdoh took two wickets each.
Expensive 2.
He said that the Hima will not issue a new NOC to any person especially the Dkhars to set up shops in Iewduh because the Hima wants the Iewduh to be the market of the Khasi.
But the police are trying their best to stop all illegal activities," he said.
The AJCVA led by its President Paila Kordor Lyngkot has donated rice, jhur, umphniang and other food items to the family of a woman in Riatsasim, Jowai. West Jaintia Hills District.
In the fourth match, Mynthong beat Royal Pole Mihmyntdu 2-0, Pynchelang Amse in the 6th minute and Khrawbor Sukhalin in the 15th minute.
Punjab, who have won eight titles in the tournament, are included in Group B. Meghalaya and Karnataka played the final in Riyadh. (Saudi Arabia) last year which was also the first time it was held abroad.
in/ westjantihills.
Some say why should we fight over coal? That is a false perspective.
The biggest difference is that in this village, people build houses on the sharing land, and the houses are as close together as in the city, and from a distance, it looks like in Himachal Pradesh or Sikkim.
Shillong: A private vehicle (ML O5 N 0051) has been stoned during the curfew hours.
In 1662 the Government of England passed the Act of Uniformity 1662 and by this Act all the Christian Churches in England were to administer all religions and customs according to the Book of Uniformity. Common Prayer of the Government Church.
There are prophets who speak presumptuously without thinking, or without receiving authority from God.
Air India Express, operated by the Tata Group, was questioned by the Ministry of Safety and Security last year over a power struggle between the operators. aircraft and crew, who must operate the aircraft.
KAM is determined to stand and fight first of all against the feelings of despair and hopelessness caused by the corruption and corruption of the Khadar rule in this generation.
Even until now I have not seen Bah Hamlet say anything about the persecution of Christians and ethnic minorities.
Boys H/S School beat St. Clarett Phramer 3-1
Of these three, 2 died yesterday and one died today.
Miss, who is not at school, is very happy,” said the young worker.
The Superintendent of Police (SP) Rituraj Ravi said that a case has been registered against the HYC leaders at Sadar Police Station.
According to the wishes of the people, the rebel group feels that the government is finding it difficult to eliminate the group.
"These seven new buildings include a men's hostel with a capacity of 104 students, a women's hostel with a capacity of 104 students, five Type III quarters, Type IVA Quarters, 7 Type IVB Quarters, a hostel for senior residents with 25 accommodation, a guest house with 19 rooms and 2 more rooms. good.
“So far in Meghalaya, more than 100 drug users have been arrested which has caused concern on the part of the SP and requests the cooperation of the residents to eradicate crime.
He said the UDP and HSPDP have become closer now for closer cooperation as they are in the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) which was formed before the last MLA elections and will continue to do so. This MDC election is not your opinion.
“When I entered the house, I said that they found my sister-in-law lying in the bedroom. They said sdien da-ei...he showed him a coin and said that he was sdien with a jaiñ.
The voting has been published since the 18th of this month and readers have had the opportunity to take part in the past five days.
He said that besides the withdrawal of loans one after another, the amount of public money has now reached Rs 617 crore which has flowed into the Corporation.
Nongpoh, March 07: The District Planning Officer, Ri-Bhoi District on Tuesday celebrated the Wildlife Week by holding a lecture competition for school children at Science Hall Nongpoh on the theme 'Partnership for Wildlife Week' Wildlife Conservation’.
Through this network, PCN and Batesi TV have been able to broadcast news in several villages including Umsning, Nongpoh and Mawleiñ Mawkhan in Ri Bhoi District. Sohra, Pynursla, Mawsynram, Kynshi and recently it has been able to connect to Lawbah.
Since the beginning of the new season of American Idol, many people have not liked Katy and said that she said something that hurt the contestants and that is why many people have not liked her at all. an.
I am also a child who doesn't go to school but I don't stay at home.
He said that when he raised the question why the government has not filled or appointed 73 vacancies in the agriculture department but the answer is that it is still in litigation. .
Not only that, the smoking of cigarettes and beer is excessive in the market areas of the city such as Iewduh and parts of Khyndailad Shaei. are lost? Everyone knows that those who drink alcohol are more likely to become ill than those who drink it.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 17: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has given its full support to the Nongsning and Umrasong Dorbar Shnongs which have strongly opposed the coal mining factory, M/S Prisidium Brez, coke. Factory near the village which affects the villages.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 5: Since the month of June 2022, the farmers and the HFU have been destroying crops such as motor and others in the Umyiap area and other areas. I have met with the District Horticulture Officer of West Khasi Hills.
These 37 cases are from abroad and include 34 cases from Sepahijala district and 3 cases from Gomoti district.
The source said that the escape of the man from the hands of the robbers is highly suspected and the family members of the man have already paid the money. The robbers did not know how much money they had paid to the robbers.
In both parts of the seminar, the seminar was concluded with a discussion with the participants who also raised various questions.
The two taxi drivers who were injured were Banshai Syiem of Laitkor and Oohborlang Kharsohnoh of Jongksha.
Therefore, AHAM urged Kong Kurbah to end these illegal activities.
“The claim that the 12 land plots do not fall under Meghalaya is not my own but it is based on the maps of Meghalaya.
Speaking at the ceremony, the Minister recalled the moments when he enjoyed and had a lot of time to spend in music and those days of strength have remained in his mind. it has affected your life.
This is in accordance with the provisions of the Meghalaya Amusement and Betting Taxation Act.
Government of India and State Government offices will operate at 30 percent of the total capacity.
Then the 20 will go and tell the 100 people.
After the launch of the training, the opening ceremony was held by the Head-Capacity Building, CyberPeace Foundation, Dr. Rakshit Tandon, under the campaign #TrueCyberSafe.
That means that you are thinking only of Rilum Khasi Jaintia but you are saying that you will rule the whole of Meghalaya just because you love the nation.
The lack of trade licenses and the failure of foreign traders to renew their licenses has caused a huge loss to the District Council.
In this regard, the union cannot just look at the problems faced by the CHC, and said that if the department in charge does not take action, the union has to think differently. pat to do what is necessary.
Riya Suting of Madanryting Lumjingsuk, Shillong, who is studying Hons at St Mary's College, Shillong, came second in the competition. He is currently studying B.Sc (Hons) Botany at St Anthony's College, Shillong.
The incident, which was shocking and sad, in one way, when one of the biggest supporters of the BJP MLA, Pravesh Shukla, assaulted a contractor, who It is also known that he is a minority and the incident took place in Sidhi.
KC Boro's behavior has affected the entire party until the party has taken a decision to expel him immediately.
The Waheh Chnong, Riquoma Rq Laloo, said that the above rules are for the sake of peace, welfare and cleanliness; without any discrimination against any Candidate.
There are 158 cases including 90 males and 68 females.
These vehicles will be used in case of emergency if there is a complaint from the public about the fire.
Pastor Hynniewta said that everyone knows that the MLCU and the KJP Assembly have no relationship anymore, but there are still some pastors and elders who want to change the decision of the Assembly. They tried to talk to the authorities to change the decision.
The three day Shad Suk Mynsiem, which started on the 8th of this month, has come to an end on this day and the participation of men and women in this shad has enriched the festival. this is the kiss.
Because of the poverty in my family, my mother didn't have enough money to send us to Shillong to study. The hostel and school fees here are very high because it is a school for the poor.
“The youth should not end up in Motphran, Nan Polok and see that they are allowed because they don't drink,” said Bah Wahlang. jam so that they can sit in the secretariat, college, university without having to invite outsiders.
The players of Minverva Punjab, who are still training in Shillong, on Tuesday.
He said that there are assistance from the central government, but out of this expenditure of T240 crore the government has spent to fight the second phase of covid is from the funds. the court of the state.
LPS, Muktapur Bengaluru UPS, Manghairyum UPS SSA, Central Village Govt.
Bah Banteidor said that besides other agricultural activities which the residents of Syntung and surrounding areas rely on for their daily livelihood, it is necessary to turn to other agricultural activities such as strawberry to improve. their income and their livelihood.
The KHNAM State Youth Wing also informed Modi that it has met with the Joint Director of Supply, Meghalaya Government to ask for clarification why there is a shortage of fuel. this state.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Minister of State in charge of Electricity Abu Taher Mondal, Judge of the Meghalaya High Court Bah HS Thangkhiew and others.
Jowai: The KSU Nartiang Unit together with the KSU Namdong Unit today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District Jowai. to inform him of the problems of the people of the border area in Khanduli Village, in relation to the crossing of the border and the installation or installation of electrical wires, without complying with the provisions of the Act; They also discussed the problems faced by the people in parts of the Nartiang area in relation to the Nartiang to Khanduli road.
The purpose of the protest was to condemn the BJP-led Government for forcibly passing the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 and delaying the approval for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in in the State of Meghalaya.
He said that as an MDC he will look into the ways and means to improve the performance of this department which is very important in the Council.
Besides the explanations of Dr. Basaiawmoit, there was also a street play with the participation of the students of the Social Work Department, Women's College Shillong. of Tb.
However, there are many who have admitted that they have not voted for the candidates who have given them money, but have voted elsewhere.
Noting that although there has been a lot of research on food tit, Bah Kharpran said that at present, research on bih tit in the State is still low.
Eating plenty of fruits and vegetables that include all kinds of nutrients can reduce the risk of high blood pressure, including heart attack and stroke.2 .
“In the past years, we have had a coalition government with the hill parties, we have discussed this in the Parliamentary Party (PP).
In such a situation, it is therefore up to the State Government to pay the bills of the people and this is not a problem, by contacting the big traders in Iewduh and then It will also have its own police to load and unload goods and even vehicles to deliver goods to the places where they are needed and this will probably prevent the increase in the price of essential commodities.
God forbids that you should not oppress anyone, that you should not take advantage of anyone, and that you should be content with your wages.
They said that in fact if the government has arranged for load shedding, it should have announced publicly through the district authorities and the district authorities will inform the village headmen, so that the people they will not lose their jobs.
At a cost of T 1748924, 58 households including those affected by the natural disasters and those whose houses flooded were distributed.
Bah Massar, therefore, demanded that the police should pay compensation for the injury to his hands and that it has affected his movement in the field. you must complete chess.
Rangdajied United have secured their place in the semi final of the Meghalaya State League 2023 after beating Mulait United 5-0 in their Group B match on Saturday. on Tuesday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
The government's preparation of the Bill has shown that the government will ignore the opposition and threats of Rangbah Shnongs and district councils not to pass laws on Rangbah Shnongs.
According to a complaint lodged at Ladrymbai Police Outpost on the 4th of this month, by the Waheh Chnong Chelang Lyngdoh, the incident happened at 11:30 PM on the 3rd of July. Micky and Denis were trying to stop the riots in Tuber Kmaishnong village known as Kamar Khlot, but they were suddenly attacked.
Earlier, Virendra K Ram, chief engineer of the department, was arrested.
She said the BJP's decision to abolish the 500 and 1000 notes affects the people but the Congress should also be blamed for the problems of the people of Meghalaya.
Four electrical wires have been cut off and the village is now without electricity.
Furthermore, man has his own ethnic group which has different customs and traditions, he also has his own religion and customs which differ from each other.
Besides, the Dorbar Shnong has also fined him T.20,0
On 17th July 2017, the police and the village authorities of Dawki, Bakur, Umsyiem and the boat owners had discussed the matter and a decision was taken to ban the overloaded trucks. The SDPO, Amlarem, has decided to lodge a complaint against those who cross the border.
Flt Lt Siddharth Singh, the son of Flt Lt Siddharth Singh, is also the successor of his father who started flying helicopters in 2011 and is also the youngest child to fly helicopters. the Mi-7 V5.
Shillong: Twenty-two lawyers from different parts of the state today joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) at its office in Shillong.
Nongpoh: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today visited Umtrew village in Ri Bhoi District, to lay the foundation stone for the construction of a hospital. The 50-bed AYUSH Hospital and Wellness Center will be built in Umtrew.
Erik Nongkynrih Assistant Secretary Central Body said that the performance of the football team has encouraged even the youths who have families who watched them.
However, the BJP and Hindus hate Christianity and the English language because they come from outside India.
According to a letter sent to the President Rangbah of the HSPDP, the list of candidates shows that Bah LG Nongsiej is on the BJP list and is at number
The selected households for 2022 are: (1) Nangroi Rymbai from Musniang (2) Melda Kshiar from Pyngkya, (3) Amhim Dkhar from Kyndong Tuber, West (4) Monika Mukhim of Pingwait, (5) Teiborlin Dkhar of Nongstoin, (6) Aita Kurbah of Ksehmawnai, (7) Plibon Kharmawphlang of Mawpynthih and (8) Bah Teiborlin Dkhar of Nongstoin. ) Mary Kurkalang of Mylliem Mawrashe, East Khasi Hills.
They can work according to their own wishes.
PwD voters who wish to apply for Postal Ballot must also produce their Certificates received under the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act,
“Things will be revealed after the elections are announced.
The goat, in foolishness, threw himself into the pond and drank the water from the pond and quenched his thirst, but when he reached the pond, he stopped there.
Sources said that the Myanmar troops may have been taken to Dimapur in Nagaland.
Regarding the cooperation of the state residents in the name of foreigners or Benami, the three parties said that Mukul Sangma has not brought it to the House. and furthermore, on the Act, which relates to foreigners, he said that there are parts to amend, but, nothing has been done, in the State Legislative Assembly. not finished.
In an interview with Forbes magazine, West said, "I love life and I follow the words of the Bible very closely.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by Bah Titos Chyne has alleged that the kilo cut in Ïewduh has been going on since The order, on the other hand, Bah Ardent on Tuesday rejected this allegation by saying that it is only a misleading attempt by the current EC.
She has been an example to millions and hope to the people living and working in India,” said the BJP Meghalaya State Unit in a statement.
He said the Committee should take this step to cooperate with the ECI, so that the root cause of the foreigners' receipt of two EPICs can be known so that the border talks can be completed. long is the same.
The second match will be between Rangdajied United FC and Nangkiew Irat SC at 4 pm.
Protect the nation from those who want to own our land...Where are the leaders at this time?? other nations, leaders and people have stood up for their right to defend their country.
It is Taiwan's strongest earthquake in 25 years since a 7.2-magnitude earthquake struck Nantou in 1999, killing 2,500 people and injuring 1,3 in that year.
When asked whether he needs to impose a curfew as the Chief Superintendent of Police, he said, “I don't think it is necessary to impose a curfew in the city but as the guardians of peace and order we have to be disciplined”.
The ANVC, in its speech, warned of the threat of the infiltration of Muslims into Garo Hills, which is a serious threat to the people of the area.
They said that when they say that the change is not for the development of the constituency but they want to bring in Bah Rapsang as the leader of the constituency. the poor in their personal business encounter.
These pilots include a mentor and mentee.
It has also set up two Call Centers to provide information to the public on this scheme through the number 1967 and there is also an online system to lodge complaints if there is any question about this scheme.
Commenting on the decision of the Japanese government, Musk wrote on X “I am very pleased that the Japanese government has taken action on this issue.
“The CAG report 2019-2020 says that the Government has not been able to respond to the loss of T.1165 crore.
He encouraged Donbestar and other youths of the area that when they choose a job or even in sports they should choose a professional job and set a goal and if the wrong ones to choose will simply end up halfway.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was held at the MFA Turf Polo Ground on Tuesday.
Therefore, the relevant authorities should take action and it is time for the Meghalaya Society for Social Audit and Transparency to conduct a public hearing or social audit on the state of health. health, health care, availability of medicines and treatment facilities for all types of diseases throughout the State.
According to the Meghalaya government, Nongwah-Mawtamur has an area of ​​137.51 sq km and falls under the Jirang Constituency.
On these issues, the public meeting decided and handed over to the leaders to meet with the Government authorities to discuss and resolve these issues.
“In 2018, the state government led by former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has deceived the people to develop the CRD Block by political influence, but it is only the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma. “It has fulfilled the demands of the people and the Narpuh area as a whole,” said Emlangki.
During the cleanliness drive, the residents cleaned up the Amlarem market, the branches of Amlarem and the offices nearby.
The President's program for the day is to attend the ceremony of honoring 8,000 NEHU students at 11 am at Mawlai.
Ksan is in class VII, Bhalang is in class VI and the other is in class V. The younger brothers are still studying in step school.
The MP hoped that they would continue to do good deeds, so that as leaders they too would be able to contribute in any development work.
The production of agricultural products to feed the population is a very important topic to understand and discuss for the needs of mankind to survive.
It is believed that the withdrawal of US troops has immediately posed a serious threat to the country as a whole and General Scott Miller of the United States believes that the country will The Taliban have reportedly seized one-third of Afghanistan's territory.
Hek said about 40 percent of the construction of the TB Hospital has been completed.
“The Nongbri have acted cunningly and joined hands with an old woman from the Myrjoh clan.
They found two dead ksew on the roof of the old tin house in the morning and it was learned that at the time of the incident, these ksew were trying to to flee and their heads were still out of the hut but they stopped until they died.
On the morning of 16th October 2020, the HFU under the leadership of HFU President Mutshwa Thabah visited the fields of farmers in Larnai village West Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya. , Secretary Chanbor Rymbai and other members of HFU Thadlaskein Block together with the Waheh Shnong of Larnai Koyas Kharbithai, EC Members of Larnai and farmers.
“These leaders, while asking for an answer from the NPP on the lack of development in South Tura, North Tura and Raksamgre, asked about the lack of buses.
It may be recalled that the Rabngbah had raised the issue of Sohra District before agreeing.
He said that five battalions of CAPF personnel will patrol all 63 polling stations in Sohiong constituency.
The wedding took place at Ranbir Kapoor's house in Vastu.
“In the past four years, the Constitution of the people has been in danger of being destroyed.
It was through the skill of the bowlers that SCA lost all their wickets in 28.2 overs.
Even the civil society groups have urged Kong Ampareen to explain how the government has gone about taking the land for the construction of the new city.
Regarding the measures to protect dogs from rabies, he said that all dog owners should get a special vaccine called Anti rabbits at the right time. the strong and the weak to be free from the disease.
Ransom said that the MR's donation to the CMSDF was before the promulgation of the Model Code of Conduct on 18th July and this is for the safety and security of the CMSDF. of the constituency.
“Others are backing down because they know that according to the survey I am ahead and therefore I have no doubt that I will get the ticket to contest this election.
In the evening, a specially decorated Independence Day cake in the shape of the Indian flag was cut and after this a special prayer was held by these children for the celebration of the 76th Independence Day. in India.
The President of the party, Bah Banjop Maring, expressed his deep sorrow and at the same time expressed his anger at the attack by the Assam government.
In the 52 kg category, Annomika Dutta won, Merry Syiemlieh and Ester Tariang won the third place.
Ed perhaps only about 350 or 400 per year and when can they accept all those who want to become school teachers? As mentioned above, the teachers themselves should receive training before teaching and these trainings should be thorough, not just superficial.
According to the book of Exodus, it is clear that God was on the side of the slaves and shared with them in the struggle for freedom from Egypt and also in the rebuilding and rebuilding of life in Canaan.
He also requested the state government to reduce the price of petrol and diesel if possible and said that the increase in the price of petrol and diesel is across India and it does not vary too much from State to State, and it is up to the discretion of the Government as to how it should be applied.
Supdt.
The three organizations demanded that the company should immediately dismiss the French manager Nick Harnett over these incidents of violation of human rights of the citizens. The company should pay compensation to the family members of Lukas for the injuries and suffering caused by the manager's shooting, otherwise the three parties will take a firm decision.
It was through the call of Sotish Sargari that several people came to the scene and the Bangladeshis also fled.
In a statement, Kong Shylla said that the topic of the discussion is on the Khasi social custom.
During the raid, police recovered a large quantity of documents, money and other items from the property owned by the arrested policeman.
The Rangbah Shnong, said that after the village has been fighting for three months, he hopes that the fight against the disease will encourage the village, if the state government, I came out to help the village.
At 12:00 pm, an announcement was made on Youtube to invite the public to come to the place where he was buried at 2:00 pm to announce the news of victory.
The Supreme Court Collegium on Tuesday recommended the appointment of Justice S Vaidyanathan of the Madras High Court as the Judge of the Meghalaya High Court.
This is the age of the Wisdom of our ancestors.
Police and Excise initially seized more than 3000 liters of liquor, but after investigation and conducting further raids from nearby houses and the place where they seized liquor, they seized more than 4000 litres. liters.
In the 1st innings, the SP office managed to score 155 runs for the loss of 7 wickets in 20 overs.
“This is the only mid-term election which we will have for only one year and three months, which shows that the residents will vote for the party that is in government whether it is for the party or not. the UDP candidate or the NPP candidate,” he said.
The match between the two teams ended in a tie breaker in which Golden Lion Football Club scored five goals while Siliguri United Football Club scored four goals.
They said that the problem they face when there are such residents who marry prematurely, is that even if the marriage is completed, the law has prohibited it.
“On my part, I will request the Minister of Home Affairs to set a time to meet with the political parties in this area.
Forty candidates have contested including two from Tura and eight from Shillong.
“After this incident I received assistance from the government of T 30,000 (thirty thousand) tyngka and after a while I received another T10,000 (thirty thousand) tyngka,” said Bah Ïaraplang Rymbai. “Every time I have a pain in my body and I want to go to the doctors to remove this device and in fact there are still many parts that are not good. I still have to treat this leg, but there is no way to go to the hospital, the presence of equipment inside the body is good, of course I can walk and stand but I can work as usual. “I don't know how to work anymore, I have to work hard to support my children,” said the wife of Bah Ïaraplang Rymbai, Kong Saiñly Siangshai. Since the father of the household can no longer go to work and regarding the education of the children, the mother said, “Now that they are still in small classes at school, I can't. “I don't know how to do it,” she said. She said that the pain in the legs of Bah Ïaraplang used to come from time to time and when the pain was severe, he went to Get medicine from the nearest pharmacy to help you because you don't have the opportunity to see a doctor.
The lack of care for the trees brings sorrow.
According to Bah Shylla, only the ILP can prevent people from entering the country because there is a rule to punish those who enter without a permit.
Nongpoh: Police of Byrnihat Police Outpost, Shillong, have seized an Ambulance (ML-10-C-3475) at 11:00 pm this morning. you kit shi car you Kyiad.
Exodus 20:17.
On the 15th, starting at 4:30 pm, all the households of the Khun Raij will hold the Deiñkhlam in their households.
According to sources, a team of researchers working under the Department of Environment, Forest & Climate Change has visited the park to set up cameras after the discovery of the footprints of the tiger; It was not until last Tuesday that the team went to inspect the cameras and found that they were able to take pictures of an older khla.
At the same time, he requested the government authorities to help support this training center for the youth so that the future of the youth will have the opportunity to work in various jobs. diverse.
“It is necessary for us to take appropriate measures so that we can strengthen this area by bringing in traders to help develop the tourism market or others in this area,” he said. to Conrad.
Sources said that these people were from Mawryngkneng and the truck was planning to drop the dewbilat to Lawbah.
The teachers had earlier given 15 days to the government to implement their demands. Some of the demands were that the teachers appointed by the government should not be divided into Government and Non. Government and should not transfer teachers from one District to another.
In places of worship, they should not sit together in the same shylliah, but they should bring their own shylliah to sit on their own and in Christian churches, worshipers should not sit together. wear a mask, even when you sing.
If trade between India and Bangladesh is still banned, it will be difficult to strictly fight against interference between one state and another, the union said.
The chief guest on the closing ceremony was Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, MLA Nongkrem, as the chief guest and the chief guest of the former Khy Hima.
Expressing his disappointment over the action of the police department, one of the youths who passed the written test said that he has passed the written test and all the marks he has received are 262 marks in all the matches he has contested since the start of the recruitment process.
He said that the Speaker of the House should have informed the members of the House in advance that the Governor will speak in Hindi, so that what happened today in the House will not happen. the courtesy of the court.
The Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) Sutnga Elaka has said, “The struggle against the coal mining factories has won, but the battle is still going on” after the demolition. It also promised to demolish the remaining 32 illegal factories in Sutnga District on Tuesday.
The hard work of the Government, the goal we have, will help us to enter the villages, so that we can build bridges through various programs implemented and we can achieve our goal,” he said. .
Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act at Khliehriat Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
The meeting was held at Pynursla in the presence of UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, Banalari Khongwar, Balajiedkupar Synrem, CEM Teinwel Dkhar and other UDP leaders. UDP.Shillong: The KJP Synod Sepngi, has strongly condemned the misuse of the name of the Synod on social media, in order to promote the name of the Synod, in order to create differences of opinion. , ethnic discrimination and religious discrimination.
“If you want the ILP, you will contest the elections,” said Bah Shylla while speaking at a public meeting convened by the Confederation of Hynniewtrep Social Organizations (CoHSO) at Student Square, Jaiaw.
He said that later on the government will look into connecting Shillong with this area through roads.
He said that on November 9, 2014, the Director of Accountant & Treasury, Shillong has issued an order that no more salaries can be paid to temporary employees as there has been an order to recognize the employees as Government employee since 1993.
“If the government cannot resolve this issue, they can hold a protest,” said the students of CMJ University.
The struggle under the leadership of Sngap Singh lasted for many years and it was in 1939 that Sngap Singh surrendered and reluctantly signed a treaty with the British East India Company.
Regarding the school, Ms Toi has a desire to upgrade the school from UP to Secondary School.
Earlier, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V.Lyngdoh, urged the Prime Minister to follow up with the Central Government on the awarding of INI status to NEIGRIHMS to address the shortage of doctors and the departure of doctors to other countries. other states.
The race will start at 6:30 am and the Spot Registration for the participants will be at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai at 5:30 am.
“According to him, the party now has candidates in almost all constituencies but as a national party they have to look into the rules before giving tickets to the candidates.
La Jornada newspaper reported that employees of the newspaper have been followed and threatened with death in the past, including the murder of Miroslava Breach in October 2017 in Chihuahua and Javier Valdez, an AFP member who was killed in January of the same year in Sinaloa.
The Peshmerga troops fought fiercely against ISIS militants in 2014, when the militants invaded the area.
At this Durbar Kur, a welcome speech was delivered by the Pynursla Unit and a welcome song.
Even various households in Jowai have not been able to dispose of the garbage hidden in their homes.
The competition, which is held once a year, will be very successful as after two years the public will be able to take part in this program after the outbreak of COVID-19. Mawkyrwat, July 20: U Deputy The Commissioner of Meghalaya, Meghalaya, has laid down the restrictions ahead of the General Elections to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly to be held on 27th June,
Three petitions have been filed in the Supreme Court against the Finance Act 2017 to create an electoral bond scheme.
Mawkyrwat, March 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today expressed its deep sorrow over the harassment of Khasi traders in Bagli area by the Border Security Force (BSF). They have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District.
The SP said that these people do not have any proper documents and a case has been registered against them and the investigation is ongoing.
“As leaders of the people, it is not only to be Ministers, but we have to serve in any capacity as leaders elected by the people,” said the President of the PDF. The Prime Minister has included the PDF MLAs in the Government, but there has been no discussion to include them in the Cabinet.
“Have you received any letter from the Shnong regarding the payment of fines? Bah Shanbor asked, “Yes.” Bah Let's brother replied, “Now I will write to you so that you will be happy if necessary.
Ms Iadamon said that most of the adults, the elderly think only of their own glory but don't think about the sorrow and fear of the children.
On Tuesday, the Zone 4 tournament was played at the Jatah Football Stadium where seven teams played.
“Jaintia Hills has a lot of natural resources from mineral resources and others, but now they have been misused by the private sector in power. The UDP will fight to protect these natural resources for the future.
He founded the Private Proceeding High School in Shillong in
Despite these benefits of the Internet, let us remember that we are the pillars of the house. Just as the pillars of the house need to be connected to each other to strengthen the house, the true shynrong of the house of the LORD shall be joined together; This helps to make them strong and durable, so that the Temple may be a living house.
“We have written to the government and the PWD Department to build a suitable room for the Warden,” said the Principal of the College.
In this regard, Bah K.Suting Rangbah Shnong Pahamrioh, said that the Dorbar Shnong Pahamrioh, will also hold a ceremony to honor this child after she returned with the award to Pahamrioh. The village invites the public including the Sengbhalang, private individuals and others who have the spirit to pay tribute to this hero to take part in the next ceremony. on the 29th of July at the Dorbar Hall of Pahamrioh Village.
He said that the state government will take action against the groundless statement of this person and has decided to file a case against him as the allegation is false.
Earlier, a member of the Salesian Society, Father AL Jose, who is the Co-ordinator of the Centenary Celebration, gave a brief history of the Society.
After the Madan Weiking, a march was held to the party headquarters at Mawkhar in the evening.
Bah Wallambok, who left home on Thursday evening without rest, has been on the road for more than 48 hours.
He said that if there are any children who have not received any assistance today in the village, they can inform the volunteers of the Foundation so that they can do whatever is necessary.
At this time, AMKA urges the state government to take immediate action to resolve the border issue with Assam so that no more tragic incidents will happen in the future.
Residents from different villages including Umtasor, Umtangi, Umran Dairy, Umran Niangbyrnai, Nongrim, Mawtynrah, Sohdadek, Paitklong, Umsamlem, Umpih, Thad and Soh Pdok, Khliehumtrew, Myrdon Nongbah, Rtiang, Pahamdiengsiar and Umsohlait.
He used to take part in the administration of the village, Dorbar Shnong and also in the affairs of the Hima.
According to sources, these senior officers are from the PHE department of Assam and they came to dig wells in Salpara village for the purpose of installing water pipes.
In a statement sent by KSU Mawshynrut Circle President Armstrong Sohshang, KSU Mawshynrut Circle said that the KSU Mawshynrut Circle is against the Assam government's plan to build a military base in the village. Mawlan and urged the Assam government to immediately stop this project which is against the will of the people living in the area.
Shillong, Nailur, 08: The Ni-Kshay Mitra Project in East Khasi Hills District on Thursday announced the Ni-Kshay Mitra Project in East Khasi Hills District. The meeting was held at Reid Provincial Chest Hospital, Shillong in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah who was the chief guest.
The team was led by the Executive Engineer, Bah Iupher Pasah, who said that meter riders do not enter the area and it is highly suspected that there is a terrible electricity theft.
She alleged that the ability of foreign authorities to enter the country without proper documents to prove where they come from and where they are going is a self-employment opportunity for the exploiters in the country. Ialam G Syngkrem Secretary of JYF-WJR, Amlarem, on Tuesday said that the authority to illegally earn money and smuggle smugglers from Bangladesh to work with the indigenous people in Civil Sub Division, Amlarem, said. Ghanshyam Dass (IAS), SDO, Civil Sub Division, Amlarem, on Tuesday said that the government has allowed foreigners to enter their names in the Electoral Roll of the State Government. threat to the future of the region," the statement said.
Shillong: The Shillong Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (SKJCLF) invites everyone to participate in the Christmas Celebration 2020 through a worship service on the theme “Immanuel in the midst of the troubles of life” Math.
In the Dkhar country, the tympew is supported by the skhen.
He said that the government has not granted ILP to Meghalaya as it has granted to Manipur.
, Goeragre has been suspended, because it has not yet received permission from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Four witnesses said that in the darkness of the night, a man went straight to the police station and it was at that time, that he was called to stop, but when he came closer, The policeman shot 10 bullets from the lower part of the body and when the fire was extinguished, it was found that there was a knife in the area. event.
He said that can I sell the country alone when the population of India is about 160 crore? Can I sell the country alone? If you win only four MLAs, if you win many MLAs, you will know what will happen to the people.
About 700 bodies have been buried till Tuesday morning.
Out of the 17 athletes who participated in the Women's Wushu League, nine of them have reached the Top 8 and qualified to represent the East. Meghalaya will qualify for the 2024 All India Zonal Football India Championship.
The TA/DA will be paid according to the Central Government.
On his resignation from the party, he said that he left the party with a pure heart without any reason with the party but it was his own personal reasons which he could not avoid. Ma Kyndait congratulated and blessed the JSU leaders from the youngest to the oldest to continue to work hard for the country and the nation.
All shops, including those selling in the streets or on the sidewalks, will be closed from today.
Regarding his candidacy from KHNAM, Ban said that he has already met with the President Rangbah of KHNAM, Pyndap Saibon who encouraged him to contest. mihshakhmat confirmed that he will not contest the election and decided not to give the KHNAM ticket to him (bah Ban).
During the search, 117 bags of marijuana weighing 71.476 kilos were recovered from the rear of the vehicle.
“We have requested the assistance of the Law Department because the agreement does not allow us to set up an SPV for this project,” said Bah Nongrum.
“I think it is good that we take action and don't hesitate to find out the truth.
Meanwhile, Govt Boys' HSS and Under-17 Boys' won the quarter final match held on Tuesday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
When the new school was blessed, it was a way to bring education, knowledge of man and knowledge of God to the entire village and the neighboring areas.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Shillong Circle today sent a petition to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, AL Hek to promote the post of Minister of Health and Family Welfare. The General Secretary of the union said that he has been able to convey the problems of the PHC to the Minister by phone regarding the problems faced by the people in this area.
During its presidency, India has taken forward this task as one of its top priorities, with a focus on taking international consultations towards a brighter future for stronger relations between countries.
This is not the case because the dicatator ship is in power.
“Regarding the suspicion and talking on the streets, many churches allege that if the police department had not been involved in these, it should have fulfilled its role, but what is being talked about by many “The police department has taken sting and when it takes sting, such allegations come out,” said Bah Nongrem. Bah Nongrem said that the Minister has promised to He said that he will talk to the SWKHD authorities to implement the demand of the union.
“Don't say that Deisy, it's like that if I were a tenant, I would find a small house like this, so that it would be cheaper and easier to clean.
He said that during these three days, the members of the party have fought hard to maintain peace and order in each village and all the office bearers and members of the units have been directed to Rambrai Circle, not to be stingy but to work hard and vigilantly, to avoid any accusations in the future and that the election of the leaders will be transparent.
Your wisdom and understanding are greater than the fame I got in my country.
Pudina leaves are good and beneficial for digestion and can reduce the symptoms of cold.
“However, from the party, when we select candidates, we don't look at the family,” he added.
Pher Nongbet, 57, of Mawlai, Shillong died on 30-05-2021 Cause of death: Covid-19 Pneumonia 22-05-2021Oswel Mawa, 60, of Laitumkhrah Nongrimbah, died at Supercare Hospital Shillong on 12-05-2 Leela Bareh, 47, of Mawkdok Swer, was admitted to the Civil Hospital Shillong on 17-05-2021. She died on 31-05-2 47 of Mawlai Mawbatbaki was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong on 28-05-2021 Belinda Wahlang, 64, of Ladsharai Damsite Ri Bhoi was admitted to Dr. Robert Hospital Shillong. 24-05-2021Kriolin K.Lyngdoh, 70, of Mawkyrwat was taken to Supercare Hospital and died on -19 Positive Nedalis Pyrbot, 73, of Upper Mawprem, Shillong, died on 30-05-2 Stoling Marwein, 64, of Pyndenglitha Nongspung, EKHDied at home on 30-05-2 Malkila Rynjah, 59, of Laitmawlong, Shillong, died at his home on 31-05-2 2021Died on 30-05-2021Cause of death: Covid-19 Pneumonia with co-morbiditiesPinki Das, 36 of Malidaspara Mahendraganj SWGHAdmitted to Mahendraganj CHC on 29-05-2 19 Pneumonia with co-morbiditiesByeless Phawa, 57, of Khliehtyrchi, Jowai was admitted to Woodland Hospital on 23-05-2021. He died on 30-05-2
““There are those who don't give the money before the work is done or this money reaches someone's pocket.
And unfortunately, they don't issue STC to them.
Harry Kane's wife, Kate, has been devastated by the loss of her beloved husband's family, according to a report published by The Sun in London. Harry won the title this morning and this prompted Harry to go immediately to her seat to sleep for a while, so that she would calm down.
The absence of the number plate from the rear and front of the bus has raised doubts that the bus may not have a number plate from the front.
“It should therefore have its own flag and it should not be just a flag to put a picture of the constitution”.
He said that according to the signs on the body of the girl, it was clear that she was murdered by the robbers but the police will confirm to get the post mortem report.
She was rushed to hospital and pronounced dead from her injuries.
“Please help those who are illiterate,” said Dr Laloo and called on teachers, parents and the public to work together to achieve the aspirations of the people in the field of education. read books.
“On our part we are surprised, but when we talked to the Minister we saw that there was this arrest of drug traffickers and drug users in Pynursla area in April 2022,” he said. Edmund.
A total of 412 children from 96 schools from across the State participated in the tournament which was divided into three categories; Under-14, Under-17 and Under-19 for women and men.
The Shillong Tech Park has employed 1500 people and 5000 people in other sectors and 3000 and 9000 people will be employed at the Tech Park which will be operational soon.
Up to five policemen were injured in the incident.
Jowai, June 16: The Minister of State for Finance, Pankaj Chaudhary, in the presence of Personal Secretary Kumar Ravikant Singh (IAS) and Dhruv Narayan Shrivastav (First PS) of He arrived in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills on Saturday.
The meeting discussed the development of agriculture and the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) in schools and colleges.
While the clashes were going on between the people and the army, it was said that suddenly the NSCN(K) members who had not prepared a gun opened fire on the army and in this incident the bullets belonged to these 2 school children and died immediately.
At a meeting held at Mawngap, it was announced that Bah Mawkordor Rynjah, will be the party's candidate for the 2023 MLA election to replace Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, who has decided not to continue. this work just over ten years later.
It is time for us to surprise ourselves and change our thinking from bad to good and from good to best.
The leaders of the party claimed that there were 500 people, but those who were present at the scene said that the crowd did not exceed
Shillong: Soso Tham was born in 1873 in Sohra, Meghalaya. He was born in 1873 in Sohra, Meghalaya.
As it is now, the state is in the midst of waiting for rainfall, but what is more important is to relieve the anxiety of many churches when they see the ringing of the Wah. Umiam, which is the electricity generation plant in the state.
Income Tax officers, Allantry F Dkhar, UDP leader and journalists also gave speeches at the meeting. The meeting was conducted by the president of the UDP. Shillong Press Club.
The purpose of this program is to educate and guide the students of the area on employment opportunities through the tourism sector, which is one of the sectors that has grown from time to time through the lack of income of the residents.
BSF troops in Hawaitilla have seized 116 cows and police have requested any owners to go to Muktapur or Dawki to talk to the police. these places.
Shillong, March 02: U Bindaskhem Nongkynrih (also known as Noit) has posted obscene pictures of his girlfriend (who doesn't want to divorce him). anonymity) on 3 November.
Of the eight persons arrested by the Assam Police, five are from Ri Bhoi, two from Sonapur and one from Majuli. 3 motorcycles of them.
When inquired from the supporters of Bah DD Lapang, including Bah Minsing Makri, former Working President of Nongpoh Block Congress Committee, Bah RB Shadap, Bah RB Shadap, Bah Lapang. U Bah Jason Mawlong, on the last MLA election, it is understood that many people from different villages under the Nongpoh and Umsning Constituencies will come to witness the election.
after that I was able to earn my own job.
Why can't the KHADC authorities work through the technology used by school children like google meet and zoom?
Nongpoh, Jymmang 20: The Ri Bhoi Students Union today lodged a complaint with the SP of Ri Bhoi District to protest against the allegation that there has been a theft of petrol by petrol trucks in Ri Bhoi. The complaint was lodged after it appeared in the media that there was an allegation that there was a theft of Umphniang by the drivers of Umphniang trucks.
Guwahati: The CBI today raided 14 places in Guwahati for corruption worth Rs 158 crore in the Northeast Frontier Railway (Construction) department at Maligaon.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Baby League (MBL) 2018 will be organized by the Meghalaya Football Association (MBL) 2018 at JN Stadium tomorrow at 3:30 pm. (MFA) started on Saturday at Polo Ground, Shillong.
Other speakers included Rangbah Dong Bah Moolight Kharmalki, Kong Baiada Kharkongor of the Seng Longkmie. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday handed over land allocation certificates to 1200 residents of Balsrigittim and Warimagre villages in Williamnagar, East Garo Hills. .
BSP MLA Babban Singh Chauhan had gone to the protest site in ward no 3 to talk to the people about their problems but at that time he was arrested and detained. The MLA and the Councilor of the ward, Qamuddin, were arrested, but when they arrived at the scene, they were arrested by the angry crowd.
Habahun Dkhar of the NPP received 10,607 votes while Nehemiah Tyngkan of the Congress received 10,290 votes.
Shillong, July 21: The Leader of the Opposition and Congress MDC from Langrin, Bah Manstudy Nongrem today introduced a resolution in the KHADC dorbar regarding the government's announcement. to ban the sale and slaughter of cows under the Rules 2017 of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act introduced in 1960 and amended in
At this meeting, KHNAM decided to appeal to the people to be calm, but the people should support the CEM through their suggestions to protect and preserve the district. Council and the nation.
It is located 22 km east of Riangdo and 163 km from Shillong.
Hamedamanbha Wahlang scored the first goal in the 23rd minute and Marngar scored the second goal in the 37th minute. led the second half 3-1.
During the investigation, the two suspects also confessed that they had intended to deliver the drugs to a woman in Khanapara area named Pari Dawri. Police have arrested the suspect and the investigation is ongoing to track down those involved in the incident.
The party has invited all the presidents and secretaries of various units and circles, as well as the leaders of North Khasi Hills District in Ri-Bhoi to attend the rally from 9 pm onwards. at MUDA Complex.
On the other hand, Alison Kharsyntiew brought about another change in the team after Phurba Tempa Lachenpa, Phrangki Buam and Lalawmpuia Hnamte came on in place of Neithovilie Chalieu, Samuel Lalmuanpuia and Sheen Sohktung. .
Leaders of the EJNC-Khliehriat Circle under the leadership of General Secretary Mebanteilang Sukhalin today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of EJHD regarding the NHAI's improper treatment of the NH-6 in Khliehriat. which is the District Headquarters.
Speaking to Filmfare, Deepika said that Ranveer's youth was during their time together in YashRaj's film industry and she asked him, "Are you starting to be young to me?"
“Bahnah, today Riia came here, she asked you too and I told you that you went to the market.
During the meeting, they also discussed development projects in Meghalaya.
Conrad Sangma also congratulated the church and the leaders who have a vision for the need for education and also who have supported to improve the school as it is now and which has been a blessing especially. to children who come from lower socio-economic backgrounds.
On the proposal to introduce a Joint Venture for the revival of MCCL, he said that the future for the employees is no longer certain and it cannot be said whether the Government has discussed this. mat so that employees remain on the job.
The 49th Annual Cultural Competition is a celebration of talent, creativity and unity.
No one was injured in the incident but the damage was estimated at tens of thousands of rupees.
He said that knowledge should not fulfill the powers but should kindle the fire that will lead to a brighter future.
He opened the Shillong Zillah High School against many difficulties as the government has not accepted his desire to open a proper high school immediately because Shella is a high school. Proceeding High School is still available.
Perhaps, the special share in jobs and education will continue for a long time, but we are not sure whether the rights of the Trai Ri over land will continue or not.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah PN Syiem, first of all, expressed his satisfaction to see the initiative of the leaders of SPRRN, who have worked hard to continue this 'Shad Sajer' which is also part of the to preserve their own customs and traditions, which were established by their ancestors.
On the other hand, Manbha Lyngdoh, in his speech, said that this donation should not be misunderstood because it is the time of election and this donation is not from the MDC or MLA scheme, but from the MDC or MLA scheme. The Ramakrishna Mission has been donating from time to time to the people of the state.
During the investigation, the driver said that there were bags of kanja hidden in the area and during the search, 850 kilos of kanja were recovered and investigated under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
Until now, these affected families have no shelter after their house was destroyed. James said that for the temporary shelter, the Rangbah Shnong of the village has He said that tomorrow he will bring 20 tins to distribute to these families.
The delegation of operation to non-governmental groups is not much different from the operation of the government because when you look at the number of bad buses, the management and in what form they are operated is terrible.
There are three requirements at this point.
We hope that such incidents will not happen again,” said Secretary Bah RL Blah.
Jowai, July 09: As part of the efforts to bring about a clean and transparent election campaign, on the 6th July 2023, a voluntary group has been established called “ Volunteer for a Better Jaintia" at a meeting held at Yungwalieh, Tpep Pale Dorbar Village, Jowai.
Your lens has disappeared and you don't have a bed.
New Delhi: The Government of India, through the Ministry of Home Affairs, has issued an order last night, directing shops to reopen from today, 25th June. 2020.
The Van Mahotsav 2023 was also launched by Ukhrul AC MLA Ram Muivah in the presence of Deputy Commissioner Zuringla Kengoo, District Forest Chief Shaingam Shaliwo of Ukhrul and SP of the Ringthing Hongchui area, among many others.
There are three candidates, Kaleptor Khongdup, Pynursla, whose symbol is on the star, Bigeston Lyngdoh, Pynter, whose symbol is on the mawbynna and JF Jeffrey Khonglam, who is from Pynter, lives in the house.
HSPDP MDC from Mawkynrew constituency, Bah Martle N Mukhim, said that he has no information that any HSPDP office bearers have left to join the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
Paul urges them to show a willingness to serve and give place to others, not to seize power or use power for personal gain.
xi.
Surprisingly, other villages like Salbari, Huhuwapara, Siminaguri, Joypur and Amagaon according to the soskular already signed, have been transferred to Assam and it is on this basis that the Assam police have started to show strength a few days after the signing of the soskular by immediately banning the collection of shyiap from these villages.
On the other hand, Wilbert Rani said that the Village Authorities should immediately withdraw the NOCs issued to foreigners.
In the MLA election, the VPP candidate Brightstarwell Marbaniang received 25,000 votes.
When the lyngkor was given to him, he gave it to him; The Dolloi Nongtalang said that the Kiang has accepted the proposal of the Dorbar.
Before the Flood, the average age of mankind was 846 years.
“The information under the Public Information Act, which was requested by Bah Rani on 27th November this year from the office of the Chief Engineer PWD (Roads), shows that R. Dapmon Pala is the owner of the office. PWD South Division in Red Cross and the monthly salary has reached T.53,8
Jowai, July 19: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills, today announced that the NFSA (AAY, PHH) and Non-NFSA rice for the month of July, 2023 has been released to all FP Shop dealers in you District.
Regarding the promise of the DC to take action on the demand, the JNC expressed its gratitude to the Deputy Commissioner.
Before the match, a meeting was held which was conducted by Bah K.Lyngdoh and welcomed by Kong K.Thyrniang.
Such people, through the CAB, will be included in India and will have the same rights and privileges as we the indigenous people of the country.
India is a very remote country with a large population of different ethnic groups,” said Rudy.
Recently, 600 residents of Khliehtyrshi have sent a complaint to the council demanding that the JHADC should set up an independent inquiry into the alleged misuse of village funds by the former Waheh Shnong and the Executive. They demanded a report on the expenditure of the village from the former Waheh Shnong Kitbok Rymbai.
The vehicle, known as the Agri Response Vehicle, is located at Khliehriat.
“We on behalf of the KHADC strongly oppose the opening of offices on such a day,” said Bah Pyniaid Syiem.
Many times, from days to months, to months, to months, to three years, my father didn't want me to go to school because my mother didn't explain to my father. that we children should go to school to get education.
The tournament was held at the Shonroy Basan School-Parmaw Football Ground, Lummawbah.
Roshan is from the same constituency as Adelbert Nongrum and the two candidates also contested in the 2013 MLA election where Adelbert was defeated by Roshan.
For the players from Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Ribhoi Districts, the Players Selection Committee will hold the program on Saturday in Shillong.
Shillong, July 27: U Former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, IAS SDO Civil, Shillong, on Tuesday unfurled the Republic Flag of the Government at Sohra Stadium, Saitsohpen in the presence of Ajay Singh Tomer, IAS SDO Civil. Sohra Sub-Division, MDC Sohra, Bah D.Kharwanlang, Bah Donlang Sohkhlet, Bah IO Swer, Bah HC Sohra and other dignitaries.
One of the Dkhars said, “He is really a great man and has done a great work for the Khasi Hills”.
When Hemanth went to check on her, he found that her room was locked from inside and so he had to find the hotel staff and use another key to enter the room.
Don't be afraid, my friend!
For 49 years, the state has been established in the world.
He said that Hindus have faced difficulties in their lives and therefore they should return to India, which is the country of all Hindus.
The Chief Election Commissioner, Government of India, Sunil Arora, said, “The fight against the corona virus is never over, so there must be a way to run the democracy, elect leaders and to find ways to protect your health"
The demand of the residents of Barato-Mukhroh area under Mowkaiaw Constituency to get a Police Outpost in Barato Village has now come true in order to bring peace and order and stop the harassment of government officials. of Assam by a public announcement by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
The match between these two teams was more intense, but in the scoring, Lumkhangdong had a better chance due to the skill of the players.
The Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival, which is one of the most popular festivals in recent years, will be held from 17th to 19th November.
This was announced by the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, at Round X on Tuesday.
Those who have left the UDP, although they are not yet public leaders, have been in the party for a long time and have been involved in winning the elections.
This road is very helpful to the people who need to travel to Rymbai and Ladrymbai and many government offices are located in this area where government employees also pass through this road. , even school children used to cross this road on foot.
According to the Constitution, the NEFIP shall have a Federal Assembly which shall not take decisions and shall implement these decisions by the Central Executive Council.
It is the duty of the police and district authorities to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnongs to ensure that those coming from Manipur will not be affected in the future.
The facts show that the people have flocked to the place, it is a heavy traffic jam when they reach the place and even so many of them want to reach the place from the to witness these talented people in the field of music and song.
Meanwhile, the new Vice President of the MIPF, Bah Kitboklang Lyngdoh, said that the nation has been affected in three areas, in the rule of law, in the trade and now the most dangerous is the drugs. ri Khasi, therefore, as a party, we will come forward to demand that the government should pass laws to curb this alcoholic beverage.
An Air India plane carrying 323 Indians and six Maldivians landed in Delhi this morning, the report said.
Speaking on the independence of AITC Meghalaya, Abhishek said that what the AITC and the government will lead after the 2023 elections, will not be challenged by West Bengal.
Police have taken possession of the body and registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : The Dorbar Shnong Khliehshnong Sohra on Friday held a Rynsan Ïtai for all the candidates from Sohra constituency for the MLA elections to be held on the 27th of this month.
Like these people, the poor are called Nongtuh and the rich are called Nongshohnoh.
MPUF President Kyrshan Blah said that they have already informed MePDCL and the reason for the power outage in the village is the non-functioning transformer supplying electricity to Daistong.
Before the end of the match, Odisha through Chandra Muduli in the 59th minute took the lead by another goal, which caused the entire Meghalaya team to stir.
Speaking to reporters, the Mawshynrut MLA said that since he started his election campaign, he has promised to the people that he will fight as much as he can to bring about development projects such as roads, sports grounds, to improve health facilities, education and other development activities that will benefit the people.
However, as the area is still in turmoil between Assam and Meghalaya and also due to the large number of Nepali immigrants, it is still putting the Khasi people in trouble. .
I urge the government to turn its attention to the children who come from poor families to provide them with their needs such as phones and tablets which their parents cannot afford and to ensure that the internet “It will be sufficient in all places so that the dissemination of knowledge to the children will not be affected through online classes,” said Babu Richard.
There should be no marten in the area and the mechanical harvesting has dismissed about 40-50 people who have been living for decades.
The training program was inaugurated by the Director of JHDS Fr Manbha Pakem in the presence of State Officer of Caritas India Sir Prabal Sen and Coordinator of JHDS Bah Denis Kurkalang.
Besides, the union demanded that the authorities should improve the Bamboo Huts Cluster for the convenience of the students and to provide buses to pick up and pick up the students every day. Because as of now, the students of NEHU are suffering from the shortage of buses.
The BJP president from Meghalaya said that in some states in the Eastern Region, Meghalaya, Nagaland and Mizoram have been led by allied parties. North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA).
The total number of recoveries has risen to
The Working President of the UDP Sohiong, Bah L Kharbani, said that Bah HDR's decision to join the UDP is because the Congress has not given him a ticket.
The union alleged that the Rangbah Shnong's actions may have something behind them and they alleged that this is the Rangbah Shnong's escape from the residents by saying that he has acted by force.
He said that once the complaint has been filed and the case has been filed, the investigation will continue and it has nothing to do with retirement.
In the last 50 years, except for the Transfer of Land Regulation Act 1971, no law has been enacted in the State.
The union also urged the Minister to install CCTV cameras in schools and sports grounds so that the students and teachers can fulfill their duties. put.
It is to be recalled that Woodland WK Hospital which was founded by Dr. Werlok Kharshiing has started serving Jaintia Hills since 15th November
Last season in 2019, Rangdajied led Lajong halfway but with a good performance in the second half, they managed to take the lead.
They spent time in this same place longer until they saw that there was nothing left.
In his speech, Amit Shah said that after assuming office as Prime Minister in 2014, Narendra Modi said that if he wants to bring development to the North East, In the future, it should be ensured that the Government looks after this area first in the implementation of its various schemes.
The points scored by the houses were as follows: Wickliffe House = 110 points, Tirot Sing House = 120 points, Sngap Sing House = 180 points, KIANG NANGBAH HOUSE = 370 points. The Minister handed over a small donation to Captain Mangkara Snaitang, and the second group of Sngap Sing Syiem was handed over a small donation to Captain Mawlynnai Snaitang.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Department of Sports of NEHU on Friday concluded the NEHU Inter College Men Football Tournament 2023 with the winner of the NEHU Inter College Men's Football Tournament Shillong College won the final.
Once we leave Sohiong, the shops will also be closed,” said Bah HDR Lyngdoh in his public speech at the meeting.
When Satan entered the Garden of Eden, he did not appear in his own form, but took the form of a beautiful serpent.
Dimple, although she is very old, has still played beautiful roles in several films and web series.
Brazil and South Africa are the other two countries that will send their bids to FIFA. Bidding Agreement to all countries that have expressed their willingness to host the tournament and who will have until 19th June to ensure the participation of all those countries.
Rajya Sabha MP from Mizoram, K. Vanlalvena, has been blocked on the border between Mizoram and Assam, on charges of insecurity. Assam.
HITO has sent a letter to the family after receiving information that there is a poor family in the village who needs the help of others. The donation is based on the efforts of the family to address the problems faced by the family.
Six disciplines were held on the first day including the 1500m race where Skehmlang Suba won the gold medal after winning the gold medal. Dabit Dkhar finished second in 4:04:7, while Banjoplang Wanniang finished second in 4:08:9 he finished the race in 4:09:0
Mukhim is the only member of the Jaintia District Council.
Kharkongor said that World Radio Day was first celebrated in
He said that the Chairman of SMC Jalaphet Mootha LP School has received many assistance for the school through the SSA such as Building Fund and other benefits but he is still running the school. As a private school, he charges up to T.1000 tyngka from the students as an admission fee which is against the RTE Act and also he has been delaying the salaries of these two students for many months.
We have now reached 74.47% of the work completed and hope to complete all the remaining work by October or June.
Phres said that there are 45 office bearers in the party from East Jaintia Hills. “Out of these 45 office bearers, only a few are in the present HSPDP, but all of them are independent. neither shall they return any more.
The MLA said the government will have to look into this issue when proposing to build flyovers from Umshyrpi to Mawlai Mawiong, IGP Point, Laitumkhrah-Dhankheti and other places.
I will tell you, in this report, there is no mention of cheap purchase or any fraud according to the tender called,” said Prestone.
With this goal, the YLC has also submitted its recommendations to the Union Minister to use the resources of this area for income generation.
The question is how many of them are smuggled or illegally smuggled and how many are smuggled without permission or without proper documents.
Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) MLA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has raised a question to the Government on the issue of fish farming across the state, especially as this farming has affected the income. and food costs of many low-income families.
He lodged a complaint with the police.
During this time, it was found that there were more than 400 people who had been misled and included in this group of believers who were torturing themselves.
I grew up following in his footsteps.
However, after a while, these people, understanding their mistake, did not allow the department to seize and take away the rnga. you are a place of worship.
The appearance of this hilltop place resembles the tourist attraction of Laitlum village, which is a prominent tourist attraction in the State and attracts many tourists.
Balajied Ranee MDC, officers from BDO Umling office, RB Shadap President Ri-Bhoi Dorbar and many others were present on the occasion.
On the other hand, Bah SP Lyngdoh said that the Youtuber Association Meghalaya is ready to cooperate with the Meghalaya government if the government does not have experts to curb the spread of false news in the state. .
In his speech, Bah Lakmen said that the District Administrator together with the Covid Response Teams have conducted contact tracing to get the names of the people who have been in contact with these people.
At the same time, the Seng in a statement through Dr. Joseph Syiemlieh, General Secretary, said that the Khasi people in Khadar governance, those in power in relation to this smart city They will have to take responsibility for their own responsibility. Furthermore, the Seng reminds that the Khasi Hills is a country that has received respect from others. the nations that are not around the country.
Shillong: Two athletes of Meghalaya Martial Arts and Physical Fitness Academy have won the 7th Hong Kong Traditional and Karate Invitational Tournament 2019 held at Shek Tong Tsui Sports Centre, Sai. Ying Pun, Queen's Road Hong Kong on the 9th and 10th of this month, have brought fame and glory to the nation, the state and India as a whole by winning two gold medals.
Therefore, the time has come to end the discrimination against employment rights within the state and the 80% employment quota should be for the residents of Meghalaya without any discrimination. Garo and Khasi-Pnar.
Farmers or contractors are allowed to work in the village where they live.
Jowai, July 13: The Regional Executive Committee of the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) will hold a meeting between Jowai, Khliehriat and Amlarem Units on Tuesday. July 2013 at 10:30 pm.
“On the case, Dr Ampareen said, “Our people have explained the case in the District and Session Court which I have informed that I have no involvement in the case.
In connection with this incident, the relatives of Kamal said that he is a mentally retarded person.
Regarding the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 (CAB) introduced by the BJP government, which seeks to invite Indians from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan to return home, the group MDAs of Meghalaya's indigenous parties have opposed.
He said that any person who intends to stay abroad should register himself with the village with proper documents otherwise if the village finds or knows of anyone who violates the rules. the city shall send them out.
At the same time, he said that this statue of Sngap Sing Syiem shows us whether we have been ready to fight against foreign forces. the people who come to take away our inheritance, our land, our shyiap.
According to the CID of Meghalaya, Jha is not in Bihar although in fact he has admitted to being in the area and it is highly suspected that he has fled to Bihar. Nepal, which borders the state of Bihar.
Through the roads alone, the district has become almost overwhelmed by foreigners, which has now affected the income, trade and even the population. paid and also the safety of the villagers and how much more if the railway line comes,” said the statement.
The entrance fee is T.50 each.
Because by forgiveness we become loving people, and by love we become working together, by working together we become one.
Grace Mary Kharpuri, Executive Member of KHADC, said that the purpose of the visit was to discuss and work together to strengthen the Khyrnit Bahynriew. of the Constitution of India.
U Shekhar Chaturvedi, Asstt.
During the negotiations, the chiefs refused to sign the agreement because they did not want to become slaves of India.
The opposition will move a motion of no confidence in the Speaker tomorrow, in which they will have to stand together to show before the House that they have the full support of the Speaker. members, to demand the resignation of the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly.
Furthermore, she said that if the working method of an MP is slow, it is like a mobile without a network which can cause a lot of problems.
There have been mass gatherings across Ri Khasi Jaintia, singing, dancing, playing music, eating and drinking and many other things in preparation for the MDC election and when you look, you see that there is no difference between the MLA election 2018 and the MDC election
“The government" refers to the existence of organizations or institutions that oversee and ensure that justice or justice is done.
Wasa United and Mukhla Raij started their tournament in the Super Division of the Amlarem Sub-Divisional Sports Association (WJDSA) with a 1-1 draw. , Jowai.
There are 66 recoveries today.
Last year, thousands of kilos of fish were seized from different parts of the state and it is on this issue that the state government has banned the sale of fish.
The charges against him were taken by the High Court last month.
Special prizes were also awarded to the participants over 50 years of age (male), including Badon Singh Tham who won the first prize.
When asked whether the school still allows those who fail once again, Mrs. B. Palit said, “My school does not allow its students to sit in the examinations, if they do Whether good or bad, the school allows them to compete in any category without looking at anyone, but unfortunately this time there are those who fail, and is ready to accept them again if they still want to continue their education in class
There are those who feel that the only way to remove the employment gap between Khasi-Jaintia and Garo is to get their own state.
I also experienced this when we went to eat at a Japanese grocery store in Bangkok, Thailand, in
It is also the film that has entered the 100 crore club and has been praised by many audiences.
“Thank you very much Sir... You have done so well for me and my family.
The Syiem has visited Mawlai, Mawroh together with the Ministers to inspect the Quarantine Centers in Mawroh and has also provided assistance to the village.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The MPCC President DD Lapang on Tuesday said that the authority to decide and resolve the dispute between the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma and the Chief Executive Member ( “Since I started as President of the Party, my duty has been to inform the AICC about this.
The protesters belonged to the Kuki-Zomi-Hmar-Mizo ethnic groups from Manipur who have settled in Delhi.
Members of the Club shall be entitled to take part in the search and their names shall not be made public, except to those who are members.
Isaiah 17:1–3.
Where is the thied ? It is purchased from MePGCL, NEEPCO and Palatana (Tripura).
However, the Asst Director declined to comment even though he was ordered by the Director to provide information.
At the same time, he urged the people to elect a leader who needs a person who can serve because in the past the people did not know where and where the MLA scheme was distributed but since he took over. As an MLA, he distributed the scheme.
It is said that it happened while their father was with them, but they did not dare to tell because they were afraid that there might be some conflict between their father and mother.
However, it is not clear why the government is delaying.
The truck owners have given 7 days to the President and Secretary of JHTOA to convene a meeting as they have not held a meeting for 5 years.
There are some root words that should be taken seriously in order to complete and perfect the Khasi language according to the requirements of the words and there are also parts that do not need to be mushlia if There is no basis for investigation into the development of languages ​​that do not exist in speech, reading and writing.
Shillong: The 5th East Khasi Hills District Open Badminton Championship 2019 organized by the East Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (EKHDBA) came to an end on Saturday.
It's up to you, old man,” replied the mother. “I've been gone for a long time and I'll run as fast as I can to get home quickly.
The Dorbar Pyllun of the Seng Kur Warjri, which includes about nine villages under the Pyndenumiong sub-division, was held today to consider the demands of the parakur parajait of those villages in terms of the welfare of the villages. society, especially in death and disease.
The JSU has mentioned many ways to raise funds such as the management and control of forests, trading by non-tribals, transit fees, registration fees, lease of district council properties and other taxes.
Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem, Nongpoh MDC Balajied Rani, Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar and others also spoke on the occasion. , Deputy Commissioner, Arpirt Upadhaya, SP Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad and others expressed their satisfaction that the Ri Bhoi Dorbar together with the District Administration have been able to hold this 30th Anniversary Celebration. since Ri Bhoi has received its own district.
He said the UDP, which is part of the RDA, should come forward to ensure that the post of Lamphang will remain as it has been since the beginning of this government.
When Niakha asked, Rida also began to tell as if she should tell everything.
BJP MDC from Tura, Bernard N Marak said that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma should declare Tura as the rainy season capital in a meeting with the groups who have come forward to put forward the demand.
In Ladakh, 43 cases have been reported, while in Andaman and Nicobar Islands, 33 cases have been reported.
“The Police Department should do something about this especially regarding the religious and ethnic hatred of the LRO because through these posts on twitter they spread to other social media platforms and that is what we urge the police to take action," he said.
Manchester City are currently top of the table with Liverpool on 65 points, Tottenham on 60, Manchester United on 51, Arsenal and Chelsea on
On the part of the Deputy CEM, Bah Pynshngaiñlang N Syiem, he expressed his pleasure to meet with the fellow citizens on the border.
Jowai, Naiwieng 10 : The Open To All Knockout Football Tournament, 2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Stadium. Name Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
“We have urged the Central Government to ensure that the relief and food items needed by the people should reach them and should ensure that the distribution of these relief items should be increased and “It's a good idea to have a clean slate in all places, especially in the Relief Camps and temporary shelters in the state,” said the National President of the NPP. The State Government, the Central Government and all political parties should reach out to the people and urge them to restore peace in Manipur and to reach out to various political parties and groups and to take action especially when various religions have been severely affected and many of their buildings have been damaged.
Furthermore, it was learned that these foreigners have been applying for jobs from the miners or exporters in the area and some of the exporters have said that the demand for foreigners these days is unknown.
On the same day, the PFR organized various sports including tyllai, Mawpoiñ, 100 meter race and Futsal.
The government ruled by only one party is clear because it is led by the manifesto of that party and the people know clearly that the manifesto has been made clear since the elections.
The Southern Riwar Circle on Saturday confirmed its four branches including Bakur, Darrang, Lamin, Shnongpdeng and Lapalang Units.
In the women's category, Meghalaya lost 3-0 to Haryana, but came back with a 13-0 victory against Uttarakhand in the pre-quarter final. 2 goals for Pondicherry.
One of the characteristics of the Khasi people which some of the intellectuals regard as an old computer that can be destroyed by those viruses, is the census and inheritance from women.
There will be 28 clubs participating in the tournament. 12 of them are from the Indian Super League (ISL), 11 from the I-League and 5 from the Army.
This is what caused the conflict between the Father and the Son.
How can you say that it is a jyrsieh?, what jyrsieh is Mukul talking about?
Niaw Wasa beat Sailung Ialong 2-1 in the semifinal of the Super Division Football Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday.
Many countries are in the midst of a financial crisis or will experience a recession, but India is expected to be among the few countries that will not be affected.
Tynsong said the Government will send the proposal to the Governor Phagu Chauhan for approval.
If the government appoints young nurses who have graduated as nurses, it will increase the burden of those nurses who are on duty in hospitals.
The Dolloi of Nongjngi District, Copiousness Daw, has expressed his strong opposition to the announcement of the JHADC that Thadmynri village falls under Nartiang District.
The Government's destruction of houses in Umsawli village is a violence against the indigenous people and is a barbaric act and more than the act of the insurgents.
The KSU said that the people of the area are eager to see this as a Community Health Center (CHC) because according to the population of this health centre, it meets the requirements to get the status of CHC. Even the doctors have admitted that it is time to upgrade this hospital.
Before becoming public and taking part in politics, he was a teacher for about four years (1975-78) at Marianhill High School Jowai.
Also present on the occasion were the Commissioner & Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Dr Joram Beda (IAS), Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District Bah BS Sohliya (IAS) and District Officers. Minister of the Government.
According to the ARC polyhouse members, their demo trial started in 2022 where they received 150 kilos of rice seeds and found that the production has increased compared to last years, and added that this was an encouraging sign.
The photograph was posted on Facebook by Franklin Vets Lifestyle Farms in New Zealand, where it said the sheep, named Rose, had two bodies and three lambs. In her womb and the weight of these children, it has affected her body condition and then her legs have fallen inside and can fall to the ground, if not treated immediately.
The North East is one of the areas where people eat the most beef and the beef is imported from other states like Bihar and others and passes through Assam.
Shillong: U Bah Hamlet Dohling, today investigated the incident of eviction of a woman for seeking RTI on the implementation of the MGNREGS scheme in Lama village in East Jaintia Hills District.
“We have decided that the Principal Secretary of the Urban Affairs Department should issue a public notice on the decision on the new prices,” she said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday warned the Government and the Police Department not to forcefully enter the well. until the end comes the struggle of power and invincibility.
“This is where they say that if you don't have food in the village, you will eat it in the forest,” said Sokon, looking around as if he wanted to go home.
[Watch it on youtube.com]
“Because there are more participants, there will be more parts of the festival, so that there will be no congestion and it will affect the entry and exit of the people,” said Bah Paul.
Shillong, Nov 10: U Peter S Dkhar has been appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills by Sanjay Goyal.
Besides the sound of music from the shops, the sound of vehicles was also heard.
They gave gifts, gifts to them as a sign of respect and remember this day children.
Although the time of the murder is not known, according to the family members, the man, Bah Elius Ryndong, left home at 7 pm. ei ei mynstep with the intention of going to the fields, but since then, the family members did not know anything, until they received the news that he was killed in parts of the forest road, which is 20mer road from Pahammawlein to Umdap area.
Answering a question today, he said that the people should not hesitate but should allow because they have to discuss carefully regarding this issue.
Nongpoh, June 22: The Hynniewtrep Live Fish and Fish Seeds Suppliers Association (HFISE) has been working hard to improve the quality of fish seeds in the country. On 19th June 2022, under the leadership of Aristone Manbha Ryngdong Sngi as President and Bah Estarius Marbaniang as General Secretary, they submitted a petition to the President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU). Union, Scientist.
The award ceremony was also to celebrate the efforts of the States, Union Territories, Districts and Indian Missions to achieve the vision of Aatmanirbhar Bharat through the ODOP. K Sangma said, “Receiving this award is an encouragement to our farmers and manufacturers and handicraftsmen who have worked hard to produce their unique products. in domestic and international platforms.
Are women not qualified or qualified to lead other holy organizations except women's organizations? Who is responsible for such feelings in us? On the other hand, we believe that if women accept and lead the rule of law, there will be less corruption because women still have knowledge but as it is now, they don't have the right to vote. and the spirit of knowledge is gone.
This has also led to the loss of the KJPSM because at the 10 o'clock service many people could not attend the service and the offerings were less.
Furthermore, the lockdown has been imposed during the outbreak of the disease and West Jaintia Hills is at risk of infection and if we do not follow the rules this will affect our income, livelihood, education, religious ceremonies and other daily activities.
The Chairman also thanked the Dorbar Shnong Sakwang for donating 4 acres of land to the Directorate of Employment and Craftsmen Training under the Department of Labor for the construction of this ITI. It is expected that it will benefit the youth of the district.
Nongpoh MDC Bah Balajied Rani also wanted to know whether the Clan Bill has been approved or whether the EC will issue a temporary notice so that the Council can recognize the Kurs.
Regarding the construction of septic tanks in many households, he said that the Jowai Municipal Board has provided assistance to the households who need to build septic tanks.
In recent months, policemen of the Saitsama Outpost patrolling in Lapangap village have also had to flee to safer places to escape being shot by the Karbi.
This action of this officer, has caused revenue loss to the Government.
The Man of the Match award went to Pynskhem Phawa and Eshan Siangshai.
It was on 31st October that the residents of the area informed the police and the police took these Muslim fugitives for questioning and after the questioning they were released.
For the North East like Meghalaya, Tripura will be affected by the refugees until the sea waters cover Bangladesh which is still slightly covered in parts of the sea. Bangladeshi refugees have fled except to neighboring countries of India like Meghalaya, Tripura and West Bengal.
On the other hand, the President of MAWU, M. June Myrching, said that the Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (MAWU) will not stop until the government responds to the demands of the ASHA workers.
However, after a while, he said, senior army officers came to meet the SP NGH at Resubelpara and explained the incident. The SP has ordered the soldiers to submit their report because the soldiers did not consult the police during their patrol.
Shangpliang said the officers dismissed from the Lokayukta office are retired officers from the Police Department.
He said that through the FOCUS project implemented by the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency (MBMA), 5,000 tyngka has been distributed to each farmer with the aim of assisting them to purchase seeds. urge the farmers to use this money properly to improve their agriculture.
Last year, at the beginning of the lockdown, the Indian Psychiatry Society conducted a survey in the country and found that within a month of the lockdown, the number of people with mental illness has increased by 20%. hundred).
He said there are those who wonder why the Chief Minister of Meghalaya does not speak against the CAB like the Chief Minister of West Bengal.
All the residents were urged to send their children to school, to seek education which is the foundation of human beings at this time.
Renedy, who recently served as assistant coach and interim coach of East Bengal, will join Simon Grayson's squad for the 2023-24 season.
The price of kwai, which used to be high every year, has dropped sharply this year.
The translation was written by Brother Gilbert Sangriang SDB and Mr. Riwanki Suchiang.
Police have not yet arrested anyone in connection with the incident.
Oppressing people from religious identity is abhorrent and unacceptable.
Nineteen cancer centers in the states and 20 tertiary care cancer centers have been approved under the strengthening of tertiary care of the cancer scheme.
Nongpoh: In collaboration with the management of Union Christian College (UCC) Umïam, the Union Christian College (UCC) Umïam has organized a campaign to raise awareness among the public on the dangers of drug addiction. , today held a special program to explain to the school children of the area, on the issue of Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking.
“It is up to the party leadership to decide on that”.
Prime Minister Duh believes that environmental protection has been a religion since he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat.
If India had done so, it would have deceived itself after adopting an elected constitution like other countries in the world.
“The construction of Tura Medical College is ongoing and we have completed about 45% of the construction and we want to ensure that the accommodation of the students, staff, teaching facilities inside the hospital will be completed on time," she said.
The Syiem also alleged that the Iawrod clan does not have the right to have the throne of Syiem in Malaisohmat.
JOWAI: U Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar has apologized to the North East Students Organization (NESO) for holding the final of the 2nd Sniawbhalang Football Tournament on the day of the curfew in the final match of the NESO at the Mini Stadium Wahiajer. on the day of Ar.
Sawmer SC is also in first place in the points table with 15 points from six games and will play in the Shillong Premier League (SPL) next season alongside Nongthymmai SC. Sawmer SC and Nongthymmai SC have 15 points each, but Sawmer SC has won the title by the goal difference.
“We have plans to resolve these issues and to be able to overcome them in order to open up the citizens of Meghalaya.
Jowai, Naiar 17: U Ram Pasi, owner of a DTP shop, has been shot dead by a youth named Bin Sungoh. without any reason.
The presence of this Indoor Stadium in Nonghyllam will be a blessing to the village of Nonghyllam and surrounding villages to be able to use it for any purpose especially in sports activities. Stadium so that it will be a blessing to this community and the area as a whole.
About 3,000 farmers from all over the country including East Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills, Ri Bhoi District and Garo Hills attended the meeting. Hills District.
Sanbor asked why up to 60,000 state residents have left the state and the reason is because of the high demand for government jobs in the state. typically, there were more than 20,000 applicants.
The Seng also strongly condemns the police attack on the innocent people on 4th November, 2023 during the march against the HITO government. the people.
The student, Walida, was found on a tyllai phasi in the middle of the morning.
Bah Sumar said that in democracy, there should be many newspapers to accommodate the wishes of the people.
However, as the days go by, for the sake of selfishness, man himself is destroying and destroying the environment and this has brought about the loss of mankind as a whole.
This is according to the Annual Technical Inspection Report (ATIR) on Urban Local Bodies for the period ending October 31,
Last, not least, there are those who say to me, “the Ex.Rev" is a bad character.
He said that the party also urged the state government to implement the NRC in the state as Meghalaya is bordered by Bangladesh and Assam.
The total number of cases in Assam has risen to 3,943, Himanta Biswa Sarma said on Twitter.
This scheme is expected to create 3 lakh jobs.
However, until now, no one has been appointed by the MeECL Office to replace or replace the posts with new ones as many of the post lights are in Umkiang.
The first match will start at 10 pm between Laitlulong SC and Dilienngiem YSCWA, followed by the second match at 11 pm between Laitumkhrah SC and Mawphlang SC. At 1:30 pm, Mawlynrei will play against Lumpynngad SC and the final match will be between Mawklot SC and Lummawbah SC. MFA Turf Polo.
:A tragic accident between a two wheeler and a truck on the 16th of November, which led to the death of the driver of the two wheeler at 11 pm on the NH6 Ummulong is located near the road to Moodymmai.
Conrad said that as the Prime Minister, he has ensured that he takes the opinions of all people from different religions or ethnic groups.
The Office of the Prime Minister has overseen the provision of aircraft for the students and in collaboration with the officers of the State Government and the Army, the students will be escorted from their homes. to the airport in Imphal.
Maharashtra is currently in first place with 83 medals, followed by Haryana in second place with 56 medals and Madhya Pradesh in second place with 56 medals. third place with 56 medals.
Shillong, June 03: The suspension of five MLAs by the Indian National Congress (INC) has now given the NPP and the United Democratic Party (UDP) a 50:50 majority. to the 2023 Legislative Assembly Elections.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has expressed his concern over these scams and called on the media to educate the people to avoid them. that deepfakes.
Shillong: The War Jaintia Students Union (WSU), which was established in 2000 and ceased to operate since 2015, today was revived at a meeting held at Amlarem, West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong: There have been 200 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, March 4, 2020, according to the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War. , and so far, there are 2,209 cases in the state.
Congress General Secretary Priyanka Gandhi Vadra today held a street campaign in Vijayanagar, Bengaluru, the last day of campaigning for the Assembly elections in Karnataka. long on the 10th of January.
The departments are the election branch and the supply branch.
Jowai: U Bah HS Shylla, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today met with the CEM of JHADC.
Kong Kei said again.
He said that even the districts which have done well and have the same problems are fighting with determination and new approaches.
This has improved the well-being of the shipara even to the village when he used to send rice and other food items.
He said that he will never forget Shillong where he grew up and after learning about the competition he came to participate with the expectation of winning the title.
He said that in the case of West Khasi Hills District, the polling station in Malangkuna is located in the area of ​​Meghalaya.
"There are some older players who have not been able to take part in this last match because of the many tasks they have to complete and those who are in the I-League, and this has made him more worried. coach, and although the team has not had enough time to practice, many of these players have improved in their performance.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: At 11:30 am this morning, a terrible fire broke out inside Mawlong Market and also at the Smit parking lot, due to the late collection of garbage. Mylliem Hima Market Authority.
He said that this district development of Mairang will bring the government closer to the people and this will boost the economic development in the new district as it will help the youth of the area to get jobs.
Shillong: There have been 39 new cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya today, according to the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War.
Therefore, the Khasi leaders at that time were praised for their vision to fight for the state until victory.
:The Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) has examined the nomination papers of 375 candidates for the Assembly elections to be held on the 27th of this month. That this time, there are 186 candidates who are crorepati or whose wealth is more than T.1 crore.
If this demand of the storytellers is not met, there will be a serious problem in which many TV shows will not be broadcast.
When thinking of Bah Ardent, Marwei kept talking and talking;
The Government has also decided that all the Block will celebrate Independence Day in collaboration with the MLAs of the area.
The affected villages are Maheshkhola, Thisokre, Kampilgre, Chinasogra, Jilagora and others. all in the wind and the cold is very strong.
Speeches were also delivered by the leaders of the Union including the President of the HNYF Northern Region, Bah Marcus Marten, who strongly condemned the PWD department's failure to complete the work. to clean as prescribed by the government.
In addition, 56 out of 100 women suffer from anemia.
Earlier, in the afternoon, these COVID-19 workers from Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills turned up at the Directorate of Health Services (MI) office to demand their salaries. been available now for about 6 or 7 months.
Not only that, government ministers or officers like to press the bell, because they have many guards and to continue their mission, they have to send There was at least one sumo, so that they could go and wait before they arrived.
It is also encouraging and strengthening when the elders and intellectuals come forward to encourage and advise this Revolution how to move forward and reach its goal even if we cannot reveal the names of them here but we take the opportunity to thank them as well.
He said that the people should not be deceived by unfounded promises and false promises.
“If the talks are not as successful as we have demanded, I will not leave this place,” said Ardent.
The Principal of the College, Dr. (Mrs.) Evakorlang Kharkongor encouraged the students to take the Library as a source of information.
After the meeting, a wreath laying ceremony was held at the memorial of these four rangbah by the Hima, the family members and children of these rangbah, the Sengbhalang and others.
The birds that sing are many kinds of voices, They all begin to disappear; The trees and the fruit of the trees, They all began to fall.
Both these types of candidates do not need to appear for the Selection Test as they fall into the category of candidates without Selection Test.
At first glance, it was seen that the main reason for the snowfall in the village is due to the delay and lack of attention by the government to complete the garbage dump. There is no hope that the government will rebuild the bread shop, which has been abandoned for many years, but the suffering has been severe. The project will go to the villagers in the area.
The 197-member council adopted the resolution after the United States of America, with 93 countries in favour, 24 against and 58 abstentions. pep, including India.
Das is the second person to die in the ILP protest.
In Shillong, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma received the National Salute.
As a nation, we don't have such riewdum.
The cleanliness drive was conducted on Friday with the participation of all the youths, members of the Village Authority including Waheh Shnong DS War, Assistant Waheh Shnong Pius Ksoo and Village Secretary Apostol Shadap.
On the part of Dalmia, Khambor Rymbai said that the company's assistance will continue in the future and especially to assist in the development of the area.
This was followed by the death of former KHADC MDC Carmel Sohtun on 6th June.
On the other hand, the JSM Laskein Circle has shown its support to these two families with the support of the JSM (Western Region) on Monday.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat Sawmer FC in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League (SPL) at Polo Ground on Saturday.
Speaking briefly on the allocation of funds by the central government through various schemes such as MLA Scheme, MDC Scheme and MP Scheme, the state should have grown well because the state is small, not big.
The main reason why Meghalaya is facing these problems is because at the time of independence, there was no exact boundary between the two states.
Conrad said this on the incident which happened at Malang Huhapara, West Khasi Hills where the Assam Police bombed with lathi the residents who were protesting against the arrest of two residents.
This special program of the state government has been implemented with the aim of improving agriculture and sying production in the state and through this it will benefit at least 40 thousand farmers in the state.
When asked, Khera said that Brutus is Dr Mukul Sangma because Brutus was named after Mukul Sangma. do.
The village leaders and officers informed the Governor regarding the lack of networks in the area and requested him to expedite the implementation of the Shillong Dawki project.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the two new cases are from East Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills.
China had earlier claimed that Everest was 29,107 feet high and Nepal had risen to 29,028 feet.
This is the third time that the Grassroots Cricket Coaching and Training Camp of the RBDCA has been held, but this time it has been more special and those who have been able to provide training for up to 1 month, for both boys and girls, who are 10 years or older.
The presence of illegal revenue collection gates by the KHADC across the state has affected the price increase,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Shillong: Contractors in the state, under the umbrella of the All Meghalaya Contractors and Supply Association (AMC&SA), have come to express their concern over the awarding of contracts by the state government to companies. outside the State.
The counting of votes started at 8 am today.
Furthermore, a day of judgment must be set and if necessary, rules must be set for anyone – male or female so that there will be no discrimination, greed and others. The white-white-white bound to both the young men, that is, that their eyes should not turn here and there, that they should not meet more and more with each other as at the time of the fight, but should keep their to be pure until the day of marriage, the day of marriage.
The All India Senior Men's Selection Committee of the BCCI has selected these nine players on the basis of their performance in various tournaments for the year 2023-2 Syed Mush taq Ali Trophy (senior men's T20), Vijay Ha zare Trophy (senior men's one day) and the Ranji Trophy (senior men's first-class).
However, it is sad that in this age, the Prime Ministers and the Prime Minister are starting the politics of art,” said Gogoi.
Greatstar Pajuh scored the first goal for Sutnga Mission in the 56th minute.
He said that from now on, the parties will continue their struggle if it is by any means to get the implementation of the Innerline Permit in Meghalaya. ILP Not only the civil society organizations but the ethnic groups should implement their own ILP.
“We have sought reports from the constituencies and they will submit them to the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the party to take the necessary action,” he said.
At the 73rd Academy Awards held on 25 October 2001, the film won 12 awards including Best Picture, Best Director and Best Actor.
In 2019, she left her old house and moved into a new one, but during this Corona pandemic, her life has changed and that is that Mondal , she returned to her old home in Bengal and no longer had the opportunity to earn money and now she has returned to a life of poverty, as she used to be.
Command the children of Israel, and say unto them, Ye shall keep mine offering, and my meat offering of mine offerings made by fire, of a sweet savor unto me, an offering made by fire unto the LORD. the time appointed” – (Numbers 28:2).
That night I couldn't help but ask the old man who owned the house, “Why is there a village nearer here where there are so many non-Khasis or non-Khasis?” He told me that in the past when I was young, two families from the state came to the village to ask them to allow them to move to the village to raise cows in the village. I died because there was no place for me in my village.
Therefore, the Deputy Commissioner has imposed certain prohibitions under Section 144 CrPC which prohibit and prohibit writing on walls, posters/books or any damage or erection, display cut outs, hoardings, banners, etc. in any public place.
The union demanded the immediate release of the arrested member without any charges and the punishment of the police who broke into his residence and destroyed his vehicle.
The Meghalaya High Court on 28th July issued an order to demolish the houses of more than three floors.
He said that such incidents have been witnessed in the state in the past few years but during the time of darkness only prayers worked.
“I will serve and work better for the people of Sohra Constituency in the next four years as an MLA,” said Bah Titoss, who was defeated as MDC by Congress candidate Bah Donevan Wanlang. 1500 votes.
It is a Rs 13 crore project and there are about 8-9 sites where the project has been constructed.
The ration was distributed in the amount of 35 kilos per card at the price of T.3/- per kilo for those who have AAY cards, 5 kilos per head at the price of T.3/- per kilo. 7.215 kilo per household at the price of T.12.70/- to T.13.00/- per kilo for Non NFSA. and also to bring the list of beneficiaries as well as the working hours inside their shops.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills District authorities have announced to close down from today the house of Renuka Rai, C/O Ganesh Store, opposite the Income Tax Quarter, Keating Road. houses which are the premises of the employees of the Additional Secretariat.
A clear and clear vision is needed to set a goal for the future that gives hope for the growth, development and achievement of the cause of in the Khasi language.
Payal's son was named Ayan Malik, while her daughter was named Tuba Malik, while Kritika's son, who was born on June 6, was named Zaid Malik.
So far, six people have died and three others are in hospital including one who was discharged from hospital and was brought back today. Pray to God,” said Lahkmen.
The two organizations found that in these factories, foreigners who came to work on day jobs, without proper documents such as labor license or EPIC. MDH Beverage Private Ltd, where about 50 foreign women were found.
Nongpoh, Naitung 27: In the fight against drug smuggling in the border villages of Ri-Bhoi, Ri-Bhoi Police last night, Police have also seized 10 grams of heroin worth T.75 lakh and arrested two suspects involved in the smuggling of heroin.
The Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien, by the authority of the Kur Dorbar, has decided to name this place which is one of the places to honor the name of the first mother and father of the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien, Meirad Wankitkhoh. and the Mylliem Parade.
The statement also informed that as part of the preparations, there will be many meetings of various committees before the end of the year for this biggest sporting event in Meghalaya.
After that, SCA-A scored only 46/3 in the second innings.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government is waiting for an investigation into the cause of the sudden collapse of the office of the Shillong Bar Association.
This OM is a sign that the Government has followed the two rules of the Court, and in my little experience I find that it is the basis on how the youth of the nation are suddenly losing their jobs. the right to equality in employment in the offices of the State Government, and I am not talking about this in theory.
The names of the players who will represent the state are: Male: Hubert Paliar, Arun Lyngdoh Marshillong, Rangdapbor Sweet, Kynsaiborlang L Nongrang, Precious Marbaniang, Wilynder Khonglam, Defender Samati, Micky Khyriem, Alex Lyngdoh, Kishore Chettri, Everson Thangkhiew, Alan S Marbaniang, Banbatjuban Khongwir, Banshan Terang.
Looking back at the match, the two teams have only a little time to settle their differences in this tournament, and as a preparation for them before the start of another tournament. The Grand Slam will be held at Roland Garros in the next three months.
He also criticized the increase in the price of kyiad, which earlier under the Congress rule was only 20 tyngka per klong or 50 tyngka per klong but now it has been increased sharply.
Nebi T. Sangma was appointed president for the Ranikor Block Unit and office bearers for the Youth Wing and Women's Wing were also elected. Other office bearers of the NPP Ranikor Block Unit.
Answering a question, Dr. Donkupar Roy said he did not want to say anything yet. “We will see what to do,” he said. This is unprecedented since the independence of the state.
The office bearers of the KSU Thangrain Unit are President Hababiang ki Biam, Vice President Wandeipura Sungoh, General Secretary Riphaidin Dhar, Assistant General Secretary Puramiki Dhar, Organizing Secretary Daeimi Liam, Assistant Organizing Secretary Kamwamut Nongjngi, Publicity Secretary Lamdaki , Assistant Publicity Chan-miki Sariang, Education Secretary Gratify Pran, Assistant Education Secretary Dalangki Liam, Finance Secretary Kepilang Talang, Sports Secretary Refulness Liam, Assistant Sport Secretary Iadamiki Rabon, Environment Secretary Medashanbor Liamment, Assistant Secretary Environline Kiar Nongjngi, Chairman Marshal Dhar and 12 members.
The fight between two Khasi and Garo leaders from the same political party, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and Dr Mukul Sangma, has led to the formation of the PDF under the leadership of Bah PN Syiem. However, he was gradually removed from the throne and later on the part of Dr Mukul Sangma, he was angry with the Congress leaders and joined the TMC. The Congress party, to prevent the NPP from standing firm.
"That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took wives for themselves, whomever they chose..." Friends, just to know, what is the difference between the people of God and the people of Satan? God's people know the law of marriage while Satan's people do not.
“Neutrophils are indeed the main cells that fight against infection in the blood and the use of nicotinamide has now been shown to be safe for use in humans or patients because it is which is already licensed.
This man made destiny has disrupted life, income, work and all activities.
The District Magistrate at the request of the District Health Department has declared a micro containment zone for the factory and has closed the entry and exit of the factory from midnight from 8th September 2020 to 11th November 2020.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, they said that these days are the days when robbers are very common and the power outages encourage them to commit these crimes.
It is alleged that the bills of people close to the officials of the Secretariat are released quickly even for ordinary repairs.
The Chief Minister of Assam said that the NRC should not end in one state.
The match on Tuesday will be between Nangbah Ïawmusiang and Sabahmuswang at 2 pm.
The followers of this philosophy do not believe in harmony and sharing.
On the one hand, it is interesting and meaningful because the Bible teaches that God is love and that love is His nature. The greatest commandments are to love God and to love one's neighbor and fellow human beings.
SOT Police in Umiam, on receiving a tip on the incident, rushed to the scene to search for the perpetrators. and those who have not yet used petrol in plastic bags.
We now need to ensure that once these buildings are available, they should have the staff as required”.
Chasing the target, United Brothers managed to score 134 runs but lost 10 wickets in 18.4 overs.
He said that the medical equipment has reached the point of exhaustion but the health workers are still working hard to treat the patients.
Hundreds of thousands of people have been infected and dozens of people have died each day.
"Panah said loudly. "You did it, please, you want to take advantage of my daughter..." The mother replied, "It's not that I love her, she loves me too. ..."Panah said, "Why do you love Rida and Panah?" The mother asked, “I don't love you as a young man, I love you as a father because of you...” Rida replied.
In the past few months, the union under the leadership of Phanuel Tongper Vice President has visited Ratachera to meet with the village leaders.
Speaking on the occasion, the president of the party, Isaiah Kharmawphlang, said that this will be the first time that the candidates will be elected.
On Tuesday, the group was formed under the leadership of the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Marcha (BJYM) in Lakhimpur district, which is an affiliate of the BJP at the party headquarters.
It is worth mentioning that recently, the leading leaders of Bah HM Shangpliang from the AITC have recently joined the BJP which has confirmed that the MLA will join the party before the elections. elections.
KSU SWKH President Forwardman Nongrem said, “We have received information that the police have registered a case against Bah PS Lyngdoh. We strongly condemn this action of the Police.
Of these, five are elderly and one is a mother. So far, 48 people have died of Covid-19 in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 22: Two international half marathon runners from Kenya on Thursday arrived in Shillong to take part in the 2nd Sohra International Half Marathon Run. long ago.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Swer said that the police stop and arrest people only when they receive complaints of injury or other acts of violence against the community.
The Meghalaya government has prepared three road projects including the Nongstoin-Wahkaji highway, the National Highway (NH) 62 to Bagmara and the NH 127 B. Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura to Dhubri in Assam.
“If the custom itself does not bring about progress to allow the nation to progress, I feel it is time for us to think again,” said Bah Michael.
He also gave three ideas to spread across the country that we should have the understanding to plant trees, not to plant only one tree but to come together to plant why do we need to plant trees? When we have forgotten the forests but we don't understand that the pollution of the air, the water is rising over time and the trees are falling, he says that we should plant trees because they It is indeed the future for our future generations, because we will not live here on earth but it is our future generations who will suffer in the future if we don't take care of it now.
Many people prefer to stay at home during the curfew but to stay at home without doing anything, you will feel tired and relaxed quickly to stay at home.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah also congratulated the Jirang MLA Bah Sosthenes Sohtun for his hard work in bringing about development in the constituency.
During the inspection, the union leaders found that the hospital still has many shortcomings from the staff to the equipment that should be used in the hospital.
The ruling party, which once had 543 MPs, has only 40-50 MPs and in the upcoming elections, I don't think it will win more than 40 seats.
The order was issued by the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Jagdish Chelani to curb the illegal activities of factories and to prevent pollution of the environment.
Speaking at the confirmation ceremony of the office bearers and the Jaiaw Circle at the NPP Jaiaw Shyiap-Lumpyllon Dorbar Hall, Prestone said that many political parties in the state have rejected the NPP because it is the only party. from the political parties in the North East recognized as the National Party.
Purno Sangma has won nine times from Tura Parliamentary constituency, and on 16th July 2014 is his 40th term as MP. Purno won his first MP election in 1972 from the party. In 1980, he won from the INC (I), and in 1984, 1991, 1996 and 1998, he won from the Congress.
He said that in the past four years the government has tried to help through this mission and has been able to produce various foods from sohphan.
The two buildings, which were inaugurated by the MLA, include a shetja house at Pahamkroh Upper Primary School, which received assistance from the SSA and another house for the Women's Organization. The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Chester Nongkseh, Rangbah Shnong of Pahamkroh, teachers, parents. and other elders of the area.
At the time of writing, the cause of death has not been confirmed.
Police from the West Midlands Fire Department have posted a picture of the dog, with the caption “Crews from @SuttonCfld_Fire have rescued a dog from a lake in Sutton Park.
The Government of India and the state as a whole have been under a curfew for nearly two months. teh shah khum, under the rules of curfew and income, which is thousands of crores, has been thrown on the ground, just because of the counting of human lives.
The Lympung has requested the Dorbars under it to hold meetings in their respective Dorbars to encourage and invite the residents to come out on that day.
Deibor Bareh scored the first goal for Samaro in the 51st minute.
A souvenir on the 150th anniversary of the Church was also launched by Rev.Dr.MJ Hynniewta.
The government has taken these decisions after four of the seven prisoners who escaped from Jowai Prison were bombed and tied to death in a forest near the prison. Shangpung village is located in the district of West Jaintia Hills.
On the introduction of the scheme to those who are eligible for politics, Mukul said that the scheme should not be used for politics and if there are such people who are doing politics, they should complain to the relevant authorities. watch.
Kharkongor said that the Department of Arts & Culture will hold another Trihills Ensemble-2 on the 24th and 25th November The ceremony will be held at the Soso Tham Auditorium in the presence of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. The Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh will be the Chief Guest.
Shillong: An investigation into the allegation that the Superintending Engineer (SE) of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) MU Ahmed has been involved in allegedly stealing and running alone.
Red Bull, with their 123 points, have also opened up a huge gap in the team to finish better in the Constructors Championship by beating second-placed Aston. Martin (65) and Mercedes (56).
“After the meeting, the chief ministers of the two states will visit Khanduli and other places as a sign to send a message of peace,” Sangma said.
“As a starting point, in the midst of the financial crisis, we will start from Tura and Jowai and after that we will continue to build in all districts,” said Bah Tynsong.
Shillong, Nailur, 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday said that the talks between the Government and the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) will not be affected even if the National Investigation Agency (NYA) investigates the incident. The NIA has charged four senior leaders of the HNLC in connection with the detonation of an improvised explosive device (IED) in November 2020 at the ground floor of Star Cement in East Jaintia Hills.
The preparations for the bye election in these two constituencies are in full swing.
The employees were punished in October for leaving two minutes before the end of working hours and were punished for counting their salaries at the Funabashi City Board of Education in Chiba. Prefecture.
Usurp : to take advantage of others; bor is the authority of any ruler.
In this world, we cannot live alone, but we need other creatures of God to support us so that we can live.
Speeches were also delivered by the Syiemlieh Kur, the descendants of Tirot Singh, who told a short story about the struggles that this great Syiem of the country faced. and in thy kingdom.
The member of this SHG is Mahiia Sajem who is a member of the SHG of Pynshlur SHG and is very low income.
The winners of the drawing competition were Daphika Roywan, Ridamesha Dhar and Iwandaphi Dhar.
It was decided to cooperate with the Forest Department so that those who oppose can be arrested.
When attempting to talk to the meat and fish vendors, they expressed their difficulty in using the leaf to deliver the goods.
Police have recovered 20 boxes of soap and arrested Dipankar Ghosh, 35, of Upper Jail Road East. They are not accused of involvement in the smuggling of drugs.
At the same time, the union urges all the residents of Sohryngkham to refrain from spreading rumors regarding the COVID-19 pandemic.
The school was started on 15th June 1989 with 40 students and 2 teachers but this year, the number of students has increased to 350 students from Primary to Grade Shiphew.
“In the name of border reconciliation, you have seen unacceptable incidents when the present Government has handed over land to Assam.
“The Sixth Schedule has not empowered the Indigenous Peoples to protect and develop their culture, land, language, economy, income of the Indigenous Peoples and there are many gaps and openings. Besides, the Assamese people are looking down on themselves and if this continues there is no other way except for the tribals to They should stand together to demand their own full state so that they can protect and develop their nation, language, culture, land and other customs.
“The fact is that the CBI has filed a complaint against the Disproportionate Assets (DA).
“Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Prestone said the NPP's mission is to protect the minorities and to preserve the culture, faith and niam you hand.
However, at the same time, he said that there may be a breakdown in the machine but it does not mean that theft can be committed.
During his visit, Hek also met with BJP National General Secretary BL Santosh to discuss the issue of strengthening the party in preparation for the upcoming MP elections.
Informing that KFW is one of the German-funded agencies and is in charge of MegARISE, the Commissioner and Secretary, State Government, Dr Vijay Kumar said that the KFW is one of the agencies in charge of MegARISE. MegARISE is an implementation project designed to improve water supply for areas affected by water shortages and droughts.
Jowai, June 17: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today. Saturday 16th June at Kiang Nangbha Stadium Jowai.
When on his part as a writer he expressed his willingness to be pleased with them for it, they gladly did so and achieved what they wanted.
During the search operation, the union seized several trucks carrying illegal cattle which were intending to smuggle to Bangladesh.
Jowai: A 55-year-old woman and a 45-year-old man have lost their precious lives after being hit by a large stone which collapsed while they were working in Jowai. in their par stone.
Lajong will face various clubs especially Group D teams including Down-town Heroes (Kashmir) and Goa FC. Lajong, although they have lost the opportunity to play in their own state this year, are looking forward to the support of the people in all three matches.
A day after the incident, the state government immediately; The Prime Minister has already sent a letter to the Central Government on 8th October and has received a letter written by the Chief Secretary on 25th October. lber, to the Secretary of Home Affairs of the Government of India, on the need for the Government of India to call for talks with the GNLA. bring to the negotiating table between the rebel group and the government.
After NEHU decided to implement the CUET according to the directives of the UGC and the central government, there has been a protest from the students of the state who have expressed their concern to take the test.
I also answered yes.
The PDF MLAs and supporters were welcomed to the NPP by the National President of the NPP, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma in the presence of the NPP leaders. The Vice President of the NPP and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the merger of the PDF MLAs is like a “social marriage ceremony or marriage ceremony”. NPP and PDF will last until the end and “only death will separate”.
“If it is the needs of companies and others, the government has done its job within 10 or 12 days,” said Bah Syiem.
Other eastern states have also applied, even Manipur which has RIMS has applied, but why Meghalaya has not applied.
Shillong, Jymmang 15 : The National People's Party (NPP) State President Dr. Wanweiroy Kharlukhi on Tuesday said that the NPP does not want to have a coalition government. it is to have the only rulership.
Shillong, July 23: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem on Thursday distributed shares to 10 Executive Members of the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). his.
On Saturday, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Gallery and the improvement of the Mylliem Madan Ïing Syiem. MLA Hamletson Dohling, Chief Engineer of the State Sports Council, Hamphel Khyriem, Rangbah Shnong, elders, guests and residents were present.
With the use of iit iong vehicles, most of the time even when someone is raped, the public cannot tell because they cannot see inside.
According to the students who took the SSLC Exam, the subject Social Sciences (SS) was held on Monday, 04-04-2
PT Sawkmie said that the MDA government led by the NPP party should not forget the milestones that the previous government has achieved. benefit from the hard work of the previous government.
In addition, home guard volunteers are subject to the rules and regulations laid down by the agencies that employ them.
There are times when we feel like we have been beaten, like we have been beaten, but these are lessons for us, so that we can give news that will impress you readers.
“The opportunity to play in the World Cup is more promising for women and Meghalaya should take part in this journey.
All three ACHIK leaders have been charged under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act and those arrested will be questioned for up to 180 days by the police.
And this is the line of democratic health.
Emanbha scored the second goal in the 79th minute.
In the midst of grief, we are now making arrangements with his relatives for the last rites according to the Singh tradition at his residence in Shillong as well as at his village in Punjab,” he said.
Many of the passengers especially the sick have been stuck in the area of ​​Tongseng to Umkiang, Ratacherra especially in the temple area for many hours due to the lack of vehicles such as coal trucks. overloaded and this is part of the traffic jam on the NH-6
She also expressed the lack of ambulances to transport patients in case of emergency cases, and the network overload has affected the operation of the PHC. and the MHIS scheme and other online related areas, many have to go to places with internet access just to get their finger print, as well as the outage of 50 KWp SPV solar power plants. The power plant which has been implemented by MNREDA Shillong since 2016-17 has not been operational yet.
“The state government will pay only 10 percent for the implementation of solar power in all government offices”.
He also urged the IFS officers to use their presence around the world to promote the slogan 'The North East is an unexplored paradise and a place of rich opportunities'
This will be the first SSA football tournament to be held in
Speaking on the India Space Policy 2023, Kant said the policy was announced earlier this month with the aim of allowing the private sector to participate in space activities. for India.
U(L)Prof.GG Swell, our former MP, has spoken and praised our country in the Parliament of India that 'it is a country of special blessings, a country of beauty and that It is the best example in front of India.
Meanwhile, Bah Morris Lyngdoh said that if the Symbud Myntri Rangbah who is a doctor of books does not know the problems of the teachers, it is a shame for the people of the state and especially for the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma.
Jowai, March 24 : The Dorbar Shnong Pdengshakap has announced that it will resume the 9th Secondary School Football Knock-Out Tournament. year 2022-23.
In connection with this incident, a Rangbah Shnong of Domshrah village, including a Rupang reporter, were hit by marble stones shot by the robbers at the scene. He was seriously injured and it is fortunate that these stones were not from the head.
The incident occurred when the cable used by the six persons to climb and descend the crematorium, suddenly broke and the six persons fell into the crematorium.
Shillong: The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) has rules to allow foreigners to contest the MDC elections. The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) has expressed its opposition to the ban on foreigners from contesting the MDC elections in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
The school built a dynamo in the shopping complex.
Ensuring that young children receive adequate health care and education till the age of 3 to 6 years;iii.
The Meghalaya Thunder team was played in the state by Bathok Nongmalieh.
The Minister reviewed the work done by the departments of Agriculture, Animal Husbandry, Veterinary and others in the meeting with the officers.
Referring to one of the patients, the Chief Minister said that she used to work with Dr. Sailo and now she has contracted the corona virus. The Rangbah Shnong, went to encourage the families not to lose hope that the government is fighting hard to protect them.
He expressed his gratitude to those supporters who came with their own hands and expressed that they cannot leave their candidate in such a difficult situation.
Therefore, on this basis, the court concluded the hearing and considered it a false complaint.
Therefore, the school children and students of the jaidbynriew, don't be afraid or afraid to learn and know your own stories of the heroes and heroes. In the meantime, take the books and read carefully about them, and later you will find the symbols of thought that are like stones that will become the treasures of everyday life. your.
Similarly, the price will be T.703 for the beneficiaries of Ujjwala after the continuation of the subsidy of T.200 per tyndong.
At the same time, he urged the farmers not to plant other trees if they want to strengthen their sohniamtra cultivation as they are rich in food.
Shillong, Naitung 12 : The Chief Executive Member of Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC), Ma Thombor Shiwat on Tuesday said that they have not yet discussed anything about the railway line in the area. Neither the State Government nor the Railway has commented on this issue.
Don't talk too much once you have opposed it. If you find out, we will do it first and then we will hand it over to the authorities.
Finally he decided that at least before shopping even if it was too late to say he would wait for her at the taxi stand as they had met that morning.
At present, the cost of crossing the border is T.1,10,0
How it works in India India has tried to address the increase in forest fires in various parts of the world by strengthening its monitoring systems.
Facebook, WhatsApp, Google, YouTube, Instagram, TikTok, Likes, etc are just software but the developers of these software have become millionaires just because there are many users.
On the night of Umni, two days before the festival, the Duhulia poured water on the thribah around the Kyrwoh.
The inclusion of AT Mondal in the Cabinet will strengthen the working methods as he is a person who has understood the working methods since he was a Minister and former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. the State.
After the shooting, police entered the scene and recovered the body of a lyngkrang member with an AK Rifle in his hand. Police recovered several firearms. Shillong, March 26: After the resignation of the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Rupang has asked the former chairman of the KHADC who has sat in the seat what will happen to the work of the KHADC when there is no supervisor.
There will be a closing ceremony for the two-day programme.
He said that on many occasions he invites the MLA to talk to the government on issues related to him and especially to the Jaidbynriew.
“You're here.
In this fast-paced youth society, there should be a guideline for the youth to participate in the development of the country.
In the past, the UDP formed a coalition government with the Congress and in the last elections, the Congress won while the UDP lost.
Speaking to the country on the occasion of the 65th Democracy Day, the President said that he has no disappointment, because he believes that the Democracy has its own power to regulate itself.
However, if the intake of vitamin C is too high, more than 2,000 mg, it can affect the health of the stomach.
People throw all the garbage from the house right into the river without any hesitation.
In Pynursla Constituency, Dr Jemino received 9451 votes while Ma Vincent received 10647 votes.
They felt that they alone cannot do anything to solve the problems but expressed the hope that perhaps, by uniting the farmers through the party, the problems can be overcome and that the government will more attentive to their problems.
Auditors: Orilan Shylla and Pikky Suwer and nine Executive Council Members.
However, what has angered the village leaders of Umeit, is after it appeared in the media, through the statements of government officials, who have spoken and confirmed that Saiful Ali, is a who lived in the village of Umeit and who also owned land in the village.
The rally was held at Lumshnong Tollgate, where the angry people also blocked the road as a sign of protest.
Why is the Khasi called Hynniewtrep? The Khasi country is the country of the stones.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah John F Kharshiing as the Chief Guest, the Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Isawanda Laloo IAS, MSOA General Secretary Finely L Pariat, SAI Shillong Assistant Director PS Chauhan and Assam Boxing Association President Kamal Goyary.
DutyWhat is the training of obedience for citizens?It is the duty of every Indian to create – a strong India in terms of income and power.
The total number of police personnel on duty at the check-posts is
“Until now, the Meghalaya government has been helping to provide funds for the Wushu players who represent the state abroad, but until now the government has not provided funds for the purchase of Wushu equipment. tip like 'Wushsu Taulo arena' or 'Fighting arena'
Generous said that although the Customs did not inform them, when they learned that there was an auction of cows, they used to go to take part in the auction. but no matter what, we don't have to go and come back,” he said.
Shillong, March 31: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) on Monday decided to pay T.6 lakh compensation to the families of seven people who died in the accident. MeECL fire broke out at Nongthymmai Neng, Lyngiong, East Khasi Hills District on Friday.
Mamata Banerjee alleged that it was the BJP and the CPI(M) who incited the doctors to strike.
That young man was forgiven through my technique which people called 'Zero' (0).
Telugu Desam Party (TDP) President N. Chandrababu Naidu will go on hunger strike in Delhi from Tuesday to demand that the government should grant the rights of the people of Seemandhra. Andhra Pradesh has been divided into two parts.
“The challenges are there because it’s a business we just started.
The light of tomorrow brightens.
The most important thing is the completion of the projects that they have given them to work properly and complete that work properly.
Shillong: The Government of India has passed a law to allow women up to 33 percent special quota to become members of the Legislative Assemblies in the country and the state. to allow women to contest from special constituencies without allowing men from other constituencies.
J Kharpuri SDO Amlarem, congratulated the students who came to take part in this cleanliness and tree planting and especially the teachers as well to make this place green.
That we should be misled, without knowing exactly on whom, how and where we stand? Not true, the only problem is that many of us Khynriam-Pnar-Bhoi-War & Lyngngam men have become slaves from the house of our mother to the church and to the house of our mother/Kiaw.
The meeting was conducted by Dapherborn N.Suchiang General Secretary of AJMW&LU.
The Federation of Khasi State (FKS) has expressed its deep sorrow and grief over the passing away of the late Bah Peter David Rynjah, 84 years old. -3-2021.
They are Wonder Lapang from Umsning, Peter Dohkrut from Mawlai, Dedrict Binong from Nongpoh and Doross Ramsiej from Mawkyrwat.
However, if the police try to block the road, they will refuse to stop the people in the middle of the road.
“We demand that the Court should conduct an inquiry against the two Vice Chancellors and especially Prof Rai who left the university halfway in the midst of turmoil.
This is not the first or last time that the High Court has criticized the MDA government. It is surprising that the High Court had to challenge the government before the government shut down 57 factories. than illegal coal.
The Minister said that all should work together to make sports one of the factories that can provide jobs and employment opportunities.
In the Super Division, Mawkohphet Sports Club beat Rangjadong Sports Club 3-1 in the first leg of the tournament. Wellbok Iawphniaw of Mawkohphet SC scored the first goal in the 45th minute.
“He is indeed a great son of the state,” said Dr Donkupar.
He said that until now, the Langpih Police Station is only a gateway or the Anti Dacoity Camp (ADB) and the HSPDP demands that the state government should replace it with a fully fledged Police Station. There is a fully equipped Police Station in this area,” said Pangniang.
These will include cleanliness activities where more emphasis will be placed on the collection of plastic waste, planting of trees for the participation of citizens from school children, NGOs, SHGs, NGOs. /CSO, NSS and NCC members, RWAs, market dwellers groups, companies and others.
Shillong: U Bah F Marpna, General Secretary of KHNAM, in a statement today, said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has been publishing news on the issue of the railway line, and it is no longer surprising. , but it is clear that the central and state governments will make every effort to achieve this goal.
The curfew has been imposed since 12th November 2019 in many areas under Lumdiengjri and Sardar Shillong Police Station following protests against the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 (CAA).
Furthermore, Prof.S.S.Majaw congratulated him for his book and blessed him to continue to contribute to the field of literature.
The Daranggiri market has earned the reputation as the largest market in Asia.
In this age when young people are suffering from unemployment and parents' concerns about unemployment, perhaps many young people as well as parents are not aware of the opportunities for employment. DDU-GKY scheme, which is a scheme of the central government to pave the way for employment opportunities for the youth.
However, we have forgotten the prophecies of the Word of God that these things would happen and it has happened in this age.
They were identified as Joynal Abedin (29) of Goalpara, Assam, Ajijul Haque (32) of Kandara Dhubri-Assam and Shohidul Islam (22) of Thepkai of Goalpara district. , Assam, Sanowar Hossain (24) of Sonahara Goalpara District-Assam, Mohiruddin Ali (23) of Ashudubi Goalpara Assam, Intaj Ali Fakir (48) of Nizkurakati, Distt.
Thus, in the merger between the two groups with the same nation (Israel and Jews), the kings of the Kingdom of Judah, for the sake of national unity, had to accept the word “Israel” to thew, to sumlang, to cover both the groups.
North Liberty HSS also reached the quarter finals.
We shall see and hear our MPs speak in their own language in the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.
The JHADC has also responded to this proposal and revived the Jowai Town Committee according to the agreement by stipulating to the State Government to pay the salaries of the officers, employees and honorariums of the Chairman, Vice Chairman and all wards. commissioner.
The Medical XI, which had scored two goals, played well.
Indian cricket batsman Shubman Gill will now face punishment for his remarks against the umpire's decision for the loss of a wicket on the fourth day of the tournament. the World Test Championship Final.
Also present on the occasion were Deputy Commissioner R Rapthap as Chief Guest, Dolloi of Jowai District Puramon Kynjing, prominent personalities of Jowai including SK Lato and Dr. Bishar Plain who has retired as Chief Guest. Joint Director, Veterinary Department and who also conducted the meeting.
The equipment distributed to the VECs today at the meeting held at the BDO's office includes 300 liter water tanks, emergency medicines, tarpaulins, borti, muk, chairs, chairs, tables, and other items necessary for the VEC office and for the contractors.
It will provide modern facilities to those who go on pilgrimage to the Kamakhya temple.
The government should not shy away from this issue and should take action immediately otherwise the union will not hesitate to take action on this issue. At the same time, the union urges its members to be vigilant. “It is not because the organization is concerned that there will be any conflict between the ethnic groups just because of the trade which can benefit anyone,” said a statement from Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, Genl.
hillong, June 22: The salary of deficit teachers including the arrear DA of 62 percent and 70 percent for the month of June 2014 is still pending at the Treasury Office although in fact it is from the DSEL office. It will be released before 31st October
During the search, the police found that many of the drivers of two wheelers did not have a driving license and some did not have proper documents and fined them.
On the other hand, the 3rd MLP Battalion, made a raft of siej and went to the place where these 10 people were stationed. to save all these people twelve.
The NSCA invites and invites various teams and clubs from Ri-Bhoi district to come and take part in the tournament so that the tournament will be a smooth one.
Nongpoh: Residents of Umryngksai village and shopkeepers inside the Lay-Bye Market in Umryngksai village this morning found an elderly man dead inside his vehicle. sit alone.
Krejunelang Khongjirem and Seiborlang Jaktung of Wahlyngkhat village have died after being hit by a road on 14th June 2023 while they were walking on the road at Rngain. from the necessities of returning home.
The meeting was held at Madan Bakhlapara where the village leaders and residents from seven villages took part to discuss and express their opposition to the demarcation between Assam and Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Prestone said that he himself has discussed the matter with the relevant authorities after receiving it through the media.
“We don't forbid anyone's love, but don't come back to pollute the village and don't pollute our beloved country because we have seen that the marriage will be destroyed and the trade and inheritance will be taken over by them. , where is our future and where is the future of our children,” said Bah Kharbani.
“It is easy for the government to spend for any construction work, but now the government will have to spend at least Rs 2 crore on Jaintia Eastern College to pay salaries,” said Lahkmen. Under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, the government has a goal to bring about good and accurate education and this government assistance is not the end, but the beginning.
To determine whether Bhattacharjee is qualified to be promoted to the post of judge, the Supreme Court read out the rules of the Memorandum of Procedure, a Supreme Court judge who is familiar with the Meghalaya High Court.
The NIA has also charged several suspected robbers from these countries including Bishnoi, Goldy Brar, Vikram Brar, Bambiha, Kaushal Chaudhary, Neeraj Bawana, Dilpreet and Sukhpreet. alias Buddha.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) today met with the Minister of Information and Broadcasting, Manish Tewari, to discuss with him many of the issues raised by journalists and publishers. They are facing difficulties in the state where the Union Minister has promised to support them on the issues they have raised.
The KSU expresses its anger at the government's stingy behavior in relation to education as it will affect the students especially now that it is almost time for them to write the pre selection and selection. also to prepare for other examinations.
There was also a skit with the participation of the VO of the village along with the message to protect the environment.
Sadly, most of the secrets are from us humans.
Therefore, on this occasion, we wish and hope that through these youths, they will bring victory and glory will go not only to them but to the District and the State as a whole.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung, 31: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, South West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday said that the meat vendors in Mawkyrwat Market have complied with the order of the law enforcement authorities to improve their appearance. She visited their shops especially in the morning and praised them for their ability to do so even in a short period of time.
In the western, eastern and eastern parts of the state including Garo Hills, West Khasi Hills, Ribhoi, Block I & II which are the areas under the jurisdiction of the Assam and Meghalaya governments.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 25 : Tens of thousands of supporters of Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh, NPP candidate from 6-Khliehriat Constituency, attended a rally held today at Wapungskur. The party has urged the supporters of the party to be vigilant and responsible in their walk.
These employees are muster roll workers and day laborers of school children under the banner of the All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union (AJMRWLU).
MacLawrence M Sangma, Working President of the ACHIK Crime Council, said that in the past 51 years, many organizations in Garo Hills have submitted letters demanding this.
“Revenue in 2022-23 will reach T362.36 crore and now in 2023-24 we are targeting T400 crore,” he said.
Before the start of the tree planting ceremony, an explanation was given by the staff of CLLMP from Kong N.Bareh and Bah K.Lyngkhoi and also from the village Bah Amos Kharjahrin. to educate the residents on the value of trees and all living things on this earth, that they should not destroy them because they too have life like us. people, so they have the right to live freely in this world.
Three houses were severely damaged and seven houses were partially damaged.
Shillong, Naitung : The Dong Sohplom Youth Association of Mawlai Umthlong has honored the students who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. of the village held in the village on Monday last.
A meeting of central government officials was held in Guwahati these days to discuss the incident, until Shan Muganathan had to leave. resigned.
And we hope that one day, Meghalaya will be one of the states that produces the most IAS per year.
It was decided to continue to operate odd even vehicles for private vehicles and it was also informed that there is no need to apply for permission to visit the funeral homes.
PFR Football Academy won the title of the Assam Football League by beating North East United 5-4 in the tie breaker.
“Unity is strength and this will be the weapon to fight the enemies.
We can see the signs of the unity of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum in the power that has come and their orderliness in the planting of mawbynna, male and female stones throughout the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
According to the letter submitted by the HYC, the seven demands are as follows: On the other hand, the Minister promised to take action on this demand of the HYC for the benefit of the farmers in the state.
Oinam Abin Singh of Assam Rifle Public School, East Khasi Hills won the Best Goal Keeper award and Bankerbha Dkhar of Rymbai Presbyterian H/S School won the Players of the Tournament award.
“I have explained this by referring to rule 279a, the allegations are contained in this rule, and according to rule 304, the Lamphang is empowered to withdraw his statements from the matter, if there is any doubt. “The decision of the Lamphang will be final and therefore, I reject Dr Mukul Sangma's statement as a violation of rule 279a,” he said.
“If this central part of the dorbar hall has not been completed, it doesn't make much sense to complete the other parts,” he added.
They live along the roads and in the middle of the marketplaces, just like us.
?"“I'll see if he comes tomorrow because I believe that Papa won't be able to leave us like this..." said Rida. .
Shillong, March 1 : The High Court (HC) of Meghalaya has granted bail to Bernard N Marak, Vice President of the BJP Meghalaya Unit and MDC Tura, who was arrested on charges of illegal possession of drugs. Rimpu Bagan is a brothel in Tura, West Garo Hills District.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, on Tuesday said that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has not given a clear answer to the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit. ILP) in the State because many times now the answer is the same which is still being considered and is still being considered.
Meghalaya will continue to rank first in the number of festivals and skits.
Chutwakhu and Mynthong drew 1-1
On receiving the information, the SP sent the Officer Incharge of Nongstoin Police Station and a team and informed the Sordar of Rambrai Village and they conducted an investigation inside the bank.
This was announced by the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah DP Wahlang in a statement sent to the media on Tuesday after these two Leaders of the People were not included in the Committee after the announcement of the Committee. The recent establishment of Regional Committees to monitor and inspect the villages under the boundary settlement between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam in the second phase.
This was informed by the State Government to the Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday while hearing a petition filed by the MGSPHSVA. the State Act and to implement the Central Government Act regarding the shopkeepers,” said the Court in the order.
When we take a jait from our father, we say that we take a jait from a father and we don't say that we take a jait from a meikha, or a jait of a meikha because in the documents we don't write our names. meikha but the name and surname of the father in front, even the name and surname of the mother is not required, especially in relation to government jobs.
He said that all wards, ICUs and OTs will receive centralized gas manifolds before October, 2019, for the first time since The Public Relations Officer of the hospital, Dr KK Pandita, said in a statement that the hospital has been handed over to the hospital for the benefit of the patients.
Many of the workers feel that if they get such a job, who doesn't walk? Those who walk to Mawkyrwat, Nongstoin and around the villages, ask why no one has provided for them, because they sleep at night and rest.
The choir will perform at Polo Ground on the 29th July
Speaking to reporters, Additional Deputy Commissioner (ADC) Paleisha Lawai said that there are several villages in Mawryngkneng and Mawphlang C&RD Block where the people do not have the right to register their names with Aadhaar number. get clarity first.
“We have been accused by the group that we have decided to destroy the ration, hill, hill thangbriew and also to work for 100 days just because some of the leaders of the group, Ma Talang, want to earn money. “This incident has been going on for a year now,” said the report.
He said that a tender has been called for the Rural Hospitality Complex at Kongthong village which will cost T.7.45 crore, while other projects across the state including the Shillong Peak Ropeway will be awarded. starting in November this year and other projects that the government through the tourism department has allocated.
However, as he is a person who does not understand the law, he resigned and his resignation has caused a loss to the constituency in recent times.
“99 percent of women in Iewduh are married to wild boars,” he said.
Three children under the age of 11 years have died after drowning in Moolieh, Wah Kupli.
When you see people with disabilities or blindness and you want to help them, such as in crowded places, crowded places or crowded places on the side of the road, first speak to them. in a low voice, introduce yourself and offer your requests for help and remember when you lead them, hold your hand behind your back and when you lead them to sit on chairs, before they sit down she shakes her hand so that they may understand.
In the men's category, seven teams were divided except Group A & B which had only three teams, while in the women's category, there were three teams.
The Church began to grow from 1898 to 1909, and as the days and years passed, the growth of the Church increased in all aspects, especially in the faith in Jesus.
In the sepaktakraw, both the teams that reached the semi final received bronze medals.
Oshim Saha, who owns a shop inside the Building Miracle Plaza in Nongpoh, has been missing since the 13th of this month without returning home. that day they found his body.
Therefore, the Riewstad is not a Research Scholar.
When asked as the new MLA what he will do for the Ranikor Constituency, Pius said that the Ranikor Constituency is lagging behind in all aspects, but what is the goal? What he has is to turn his attention first to the roads which are the source of development, health facilities and education which is still lagging behind because there is not a single college in the entire constituency. also, and also to improve the health facilities.
The Minister of Education said that the Government has done its best on their part and we have also said that we will wait in front of the Secretariat until the Government has issued the order. I have asked you to do this," he said.
Problems caused by misunderstandings between parents and children.
One of the documents is the e-way bill dated November 16, 2021 issued by Jaimaa Coal Private Limited at Gasuapara Land Customs Station, South Garo Hills, for the purchase of 12 metric tonnes of coal. Bangladesh.
In this regard, I would like to say that you will have to present your staff in the House by 1.30 pm tomorrow,” Vala said in a letter to Kumaraswamy.
After her arrest, she was remanded in custody for three days and charged under Section 506 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and transferred to Shillong District Jail. Agnes.
He said that the smuggling of coal is a shame to the state government, as it cannot curb this illegal trade, where they smuggle and transport coal. coal in the name of coke but the department in charge of this matter is sleeping.
"Not even one percent will be accepted," Mann said in a video interview.
Besides, Assam has forcibly occupied the house bought by (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh and sent the employees of the Forest Department to live there until now.
', said Mr. Ardent.
On the other hand, the National Highway and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) has already said that it cannot change the route of the road to avoid taking land from the IIG. Therefore, even if the work is handed over to any company or contractor, they will find it difficult to carry out the work while the IIG has not allocated the land and this will affect this first phase. eh of this project.
After that, he continued his speech in English which was translated into Khasi by Bianca Kyndiah State Executive Member of BJP. Dr. PW Khongjee was also present.
“On our part, we will not allow this land allocation to Assam because we have the land titles of Meghalaya, and if the government does not listen we will turn and act according to the law. The 6th Schedule is not available,” he said.
Last year, an ATM of Axis Bank at Teddim and Thangzam roads in Churachanpur district was attacked by these robbers.
To arrest the sellers of white kyiad does not benefit either the government or the arrested, the sellers or the drinkers, especially the drinkers who need the consumers' right.
Avasthy said that the number of complaints regarding theft and theft of phones has increased more than those of lost or misplaced phones, but these phones have been misused. thieves for any of their evil deeds.
Shillong, July 13: The Meghalaya Jeet Kune Do Association (MJKA) has demanded that the state government through the sports department and the MSOA should recognize the sport in the state as soon as possible. to promote the talented in this kind of sport.
After seeing this, they requested information through RTI from the office of the DC Ri Bhoi District to find out the truth.
Nongstoiñ, July 8: The election for the 2023 Legislative Assembly of the State of Meghalaya, may be very competitive and will also be an election, which the voters will vote for. Those who value money and those who are quick to sell themselves will appear in the heat and light, because as the wise say that the voice of the people is the voice of God, it will come true without doubt.
The Meteorological Department has warned that in the next 24 hours, moderate to heavy rainfall is expected in most parts of Shillong and surrounding areas. , about 2 to 3 degrees Celsius, above normal.
Deepthi Jeevanji has won the gold medal and set a world record after finishing in 55.07 seconds in the 400m T20 at the World Para Athletics Championships in Sunday in Kobe, Japan.
She said that political parties like KHNAM, UDP, HSPDP, VPP and INC have expressed the need to review the Reservation Policy of 1972, but what is clear is that perhaps, because this issue is not on the street, everyone has taken a leave of absence from this important issue and which raises the question of whether there is really concern about this issue.
As for the Australian players, the first batsman of the team received their reward for their two defeats in the first half.
Shillong, November 2: The mother of an elderly man from Umroi Umdoh Byrthih, Mary Nongsiej, has alleged that Christable Wanniang has tied her son until he was seriously injured. “He was bombed and tied with a stick, his eyelids were broken, his head was broken and his body was broken,” said Mary.
The incident prompted the residents to turn to the Civil Hospital and threw stones at the hospital. There were also stone throwings and vehicle damage in some parts of Tura.
Dr Mukul's actions alone have worried the MLAs and even the ministers who have to appear before the Prime Minister when doing anything.
It is suspected that the robbers stole the machine by car.
He also requested the government to set up a Film Development Corporation and also urged the government to purchase filmmaking equipment and expressed his pride in the award winning of the Khasi Ri film.
Also present on the occasion were HANM Women's Wing, SSMP, HNYF Mawlai Circle, Rangbah Shnong Mawlai Nongkwar, KD Lyngwa, Principal of Mawlai Presbyterian College, Panbor Ryntathiang, MDC candidate of HSPDP, Bah F. Marpna. KHNAM Mawlai Circle, Parents and other guests.
“Only the Congress and KHNAM are the two parties that will liberate and save the country and the nation,” he said.
Most of the conversations happen only in Shillong while in the rural areas, the villagers don't know anything.
However, there are many obstacles in the implementation but we have set a target to achieve what we have set before us,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the electricity generation department in the state.
This change of race will not be accepted by the Marak race.
The General Secretary of the East Khasi Hills Taxi Operators Association, Wandonbok Jyrwa, said that on that day, taxi operators will leave their workplace every 10 trips from their workplace to the starting point of the procession. When they arrived at the place, they decided that they should not leave the place.
However, the NPP will not win in Meghalaya.
Sensitive: sensitive or sensitive; nud is ‘short for heart.
He said that as he has said that in such discussions we need to ensure that there is participation from all sides.
She said the central government is keen to address these shortcomings by introducing the Disaster Management Act,
There are many other schemes available for information from different departments.
Chief Organizing Secretary DS War said that FKJGP Khliehriat Circle has been established since 2012 and told about the progress of FKJGP in the past years.
These are the struggles which the children of thousands of Ri Khasi have been fighting to this day to follow the path of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima.
The fighting between Israel and Hamas, which has been going on for 10 months, has forced many workers to flee Israel.
Iranian authorities have seized the helicopter carrying Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi.
Shillong: A policeman has committed suicide while guarding the residence of the Additional Judge of the Meghalaya High Court at Kenches Trace, Laban.
In addition, mung beans or other beans can do this good job.
What I am saying is that the law will go its own way.
There are still many things that we want to reveal to our people, which, if we have the knowledge and if we think about the source of those funds, we will find that they do not come. faithfully from the path of righteousness and holiness.
Since the formation of the VPP, the party leaders have gone to the villages to spread the training which was launched by Bah Ardent in 2010 through the Clean Politics Campaign.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The election for the MLA of Sohiong Constituency will be held on Tuesday, 10th June
Those students who have completed the physical and basic medical screening will continue to complete the training for 10 months to prepare for the Common Entrance Examination which will be advertised by the Indian Armed Forces.
Yes, we beat them 4-2 but they played well," he said.
For this reason, the stadium has been closed for more than 10 months from 1st March to 16th November.
After a long discussion on this issue in which all the members participated, the dorbar decided to hold seminars and public hearings across the Bri u Hynniew Trep.
I'm sorry that you didn't come to anyone's house.
He said that the Home Guard Volunteers and the Police Department have been the two agencies which have assisted the district authorities to maintain peace and order when officials come to the State.
As the minutes went by, the match became more interesting and both the teams worked hard and passed the ball in a beautiful manner and impressed the spectators.
On the other hand, the Principal of St Magret Higher Secondary School, Sr Mary Saio, said that the school has not allowed the students to come to school, as the number of students is still high. who have been infected with Covid-19 in the state and that it can put children at risk.
The district has been crowned the winner of the tournament, which was also inaugurated by the President of the country, Drupadi Murmu. on the 15th of this month at PA Sangma Stadium, Tura.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 23: The National People's Party (NPP) has 33 MLAs including MLAs from Congress, PDF and HSPDP. and from the TMC who have confirmed to join the party.
Speaking at the 83rd death anniversary of Soso Tham, Bah Roykupar said that he was not only a great poet but also a wise teacher. very, very.
The DC of West Jaintia Hills District has approved this rule and they have decided to plant the seedlings on Thursday.
On the 21st of November, Jarain C&SC will play against Man I-Bha SC at 2.30 pm.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Pynthorumkhrah constituency, Bah Rocky Hek, on Tuesday registered his nomination papers for the upcoming elections to be held on 27th June. June 2023, at the office of the Returning Officer of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, RS Manner (MCS) at DC Office Shillong.
The Act also includes punishment for those involved in theft even in cases worth less than 5,000 tyngka.
Eeshant Kumar Chettri took two wickets while Deibormi Rangad took one wicket for Langsning.
He said that the party has also met with the Lumdiengjri Police Station to take action against the spread of false news to intimidate the people.
We are determined to expand our mining activities in the country in an environmentally friendly manner.
