However, among them, only one will get the ticket and will the three who did not get the ticket support him to win?
He said that even with the Voice of the People Party (VPP), there is no problem to work together for the cause of the nation, so as not to divide as a nation.
The health center was inaugurated by the Minister of State and MLA of the area, Ma Kyrmen Shylla in the presence of Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Abhilash Baranwal, OC of Khliehriat Police Station, W Nongtdu, Fr. Johnny Pakma Parish Priest Khliehriat at the meeting conducted by Dr. Junita Kyndait.
One of the longkmie from Khanduli, Kong Ribha Muruh, said that the residents of Khanduli are like children. I don't know if there's a roadblock from the Karbi”.
Why do you phyla? It is because God said that it should be stopped.
The final reason is because God prepared during those 400 years that the WORD of God which the Prophets proclaimed around, would COME TO BECOME FLESH AND BLOOD. John 1:14 “This King" Daniel 9:25 refers to Jesus Christ, the Messiah, the anointed one. words, Where did he come from? I am from the Jewish nation of Israel.
Besides, many of the contributions made by various Chief Ministers of the state over the past 50 years were also showcased.
He also urged the brothers and sisters to be determined and decide that from today onwards to be smart and strong and to be people of faith, hope and love and to be people who are ready to serve the church and to Christ and to bear witness to the light that God has given to mankind.
We will take action on this issue and ensure that steps are taken within the courts to expedite the trial,” said Prestone.
ILP is ILP, the same is the same! For more than three years, the State Government has been waiting for the Inner Line Permit from the Government of India which has not been successful yet.
Through the Act, Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from Afghanistan, Bangladesh or Pakistan will be allowed to become Indian citizens.
Speaking at the awarding ceremony, NPP President Conrad K Sangma said he was surprised to be awarded the award even though he is not an MLA but he accepted it as an award. respect already.
That's the answer.
The 21-year-old girl is studying medicine in England.
The fire brigade had to rush to extinguish the fire before it spread to the Central Government headquarters in Jowai on Sunday night.
In this regard, as responsible citizens, we have to clarify whether this compulsion to give TIKA for Covid-19 is really necessary or not to include among the people. Those who do not want to receive TIKA as shown through various protocols which the government has laid down include shopkeepers, day laborers, vehicle drivers and government employees as well.
In this raid, police have arrested one of the smugglers, Bah Shembor Lamare of Mawbsein.
Any pharmacy or owner who fails to comply with this issued order will face legal action.
Since AMDA has started to develop the poor children through financial assistance, the government has done nothing, but has only entertained them with various festivals, which is a waste of money and doing nothing. suidňiew but the young men who are rich by bringing in foreign singers with a high fee.
When asked whether these activities have anything to do with politics, Bah Paul denied it.
Bah Granary Thangkhiew said that he wants peace in Mawlai and also in the state as a whole because the unrest affects the poor and he also prayed for the land of Hynniewtrep. We must follow in the footsteps of Bah Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew who is a man who walks in peace.
Esstan Rilang was arrested today during the interview while Tynshainlin Wanniang was arrested yesterday.
However, it is sad to see that the Government has not done anything until today which has affected the teachers in the state,” said the statement.
However, we have to understand that the incident has already happened and the law, which has already been passed by the Lok Sabha, cannot be changed completely by withdrawing the cooperation with the BJP. whether you sit far away or near, the law does its work.
Nongpoh: In order to prevent foreign traders, who have come to earn money into the state and especially those who have not provided the necessary documents, such as Trading License and others, yesterday U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, EM Trade, KHADC, today inaugurated another Trade Branch at the office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Baridua, Ri Bhoi District.
Jesus said, “Until now you have not asked for anything in my name. Ask, and you will receive” (John 16:24).
“I have already given the example of Israel before, now I will give the example of the USA, Europe, these have strict laws to curb the entry of foreigners but the tourism industry is billions of dollars and Self-defense and tourism will go hand in hand,” said Bah Paul.
So the order was also issued and we saw that this helped control the traffic," she added.
Indonesian scientists believe the tsunami was caused by a volcanic eruption near Krakatoa.
It was later occupied by the first President of India, Rajendra Prasad on January 26, 1950 and the Viceroy's House was renamed the Rashtrapati Bhavan (President's House).
She also promised to implement the 7th Pay Commission for government employees in the state and also to increase the pension from 500 to 1000 tyngka.
He asked whether it is the government that encourages the law enforcement agencies to shoot down the innocent.
In the case of women, the pansngiat on their heads symbolizes their purity, their manners, their dignity, and the dance is slow and slow, which shows a stable and strong family.
If they don't agree, the elections will go as it should, but if they agree, it's difficult to hold the elections on time because of the many amendments, we have to amend the Constitution of India,” he said. state.
Speaking to media, the Reading War Legal Adviser of the ECC said, “After the fight against the Coke plans in Sutnga District and Districts, the complaint has reached the ECC. NGT and the NGT has given its decision within 10 years”.
Referring to blood donation in Bangladesh, he said, “The blood donation situation is good.
He said the appointment was made according to the procedure.
Shillong, Jymmang 14 : The Dorbar Shnongs of Riwar under the banner of the Federation of Riwar Mihngi Local Dorbars (FRMLD) have sent a letter to the SDO of Pynursla Civil Sub Division demanding that the BSF should not harass and harass the people in Riwar. that border region.
The Publicity Secretary of the AKHAF Sangra Marak in a statement said that the border villages in South West Khasi Hills are Moheshkola, Ranikor and Ryngku. Rengdim and Kallu are located in Mawshynrut C&RD Block.
The scheme comes in the form of a loan with a subsidy of 30 percent.
Two persons have died, one in East Khasi Hills and one in West Garo Hills.
He said that the group demands that the government should appoint thousands of vacant sanctioned posts as many of the youth are unemployed. He also questioned the inability of the government to appoint people because these vacant posts are those for which the money has been spent to pay salaries and asked where the money has been used.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 04: The Hima Khyrim will hold the “Shad Nongkrem” festival this year to thank God for the good harvest. to live in peace and harmony, inheritance and good income.
The 19-year-old, who is ranked No. 2 in the world, has managed to win 6-3, 6-4 from the tournament. part to win the fourth trophy of this year; After scoring goals in Buenos Aires and Indian Wells as well, it was also the sixth victory in his career.
Dr Mawthoh said it is necessary to have a supervisory authority but as it is now MUDA has not been able to provide the right services even in the areas under its supervision.
The failure of the office, which is supposed to select drivers and others, is without any reason and surprising to those who are preparing to interview for the job.
On the other hand, Ms Warjri said that the MD cannot blame the party, but should seek information to find out the truth according to the present time.
(There are thousands) Smt.
The KJP Eastern Synod Standing Choir also took part in the service.
The President of the Union, Bah Leningstar Rymbai, said that through the petition, the Union has demanded that the State Government should immediately build the Government College in East Jaintia Hills which has been promised since
The village authorities have met with the MeECL authorities, but they have refused to replace the transformer, alleging that the residents of Darrang village have not paid. On this basis, it was refused to supply electricity to the village as soon as possible.
Without listening to all kinds of questions.
The office said that all the names of the candidates under the NFSA 2013 have been registered on the website, www.megfcsca.
The news, which has surprised many, is that Bill Gates and his wife, Melinda Gates, have decided to divorce five shyieng and from this divorce, Melinda, will earn billion dollars, from the wealth of her husband, who is the fourth richest man in the world.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circles has been shocked to hear the news of the Meghalaya government's attempt to sell land through the Forest Department at Mawnianglah Upper Shillong to the Eastern Army. Air Command (EAC).
Swiss citizens have voted to pass legislation on how to fight to reduce carbon emissions. this land began to be destroyed.
Shillong, July 18: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Tuesday honored two MLAs of the party who won the elections. party in 2018 and those who support it and are preparing to contest the election again from this party.
Even after witnessing such incidents in 2020 in the bloodshed in Ichamati, why the district authorities still allow the groups to hold the rally at the same place?” said the CWC through Gopal Dey. .
Shillong: The State Coal Owners' Forum (CCO) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, to discuss the issue of coal miners and dealers. The coal miners are facing problems due to the coal blockade in the State.
He also warned that if the political parties fail to include the demands of the party in their election manifestos, the party will campaign against them in the elections.
The HYC in a memorandum to the Minister of Education has demanded that the state government should appoint full or permanent teachers for all subjects in the higher secondary sections of the Sib Sing Memorial Government. The school was established in 1995 in Nongstoin.
Thus David became king over Israel in 1010 B.C. Let us remember that God does not look as man sees, for His ways are different from the ways of man and from the thoughts of man.
In terms of employment, we still lack those offices that can serve in all parts of the state.
Shillong, November 11: BJP Spokesperson Gopal Krishna Agarwal has strongly criticized the Chief Minister's claim that the introduction of T.1000 and T.500 notes will encourage corruption. “Dr Mukul's statement is completely wrong,” he said.
Shillong, March 27: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ribhoi Sepngi Circle on Thursday informed the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma about the loss of school children in Ribhoi. The Residential School at Jirang Village, Ribhoi District has not been completed yet.
The use of masks is an important sign that they are citizens who are responsible for protecting themselves and the village or area as a whole.
If our young people are weak and enslaved in their minds, where will it lead us?
Furthermore, Bah Syiemiong said that until now there are poor families who have not been able to buy even the tins of sopiing which have been sold out due to the delay of the government in providing this assistance.
Brit Samiang with
Nongpoh, July 06: In order to bring peace and stability not only in the district but in the state as a whole, the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (NYF) Northern Region has urged the state government to call for peace and stability not only in the district but in the state. Speak immediately with the leading leaders of the KSU regarding the opposition to the railway line in the state.
We thought we had escaped but suddenly before the curfew was lifted, all the preparations of the government were completely destroyed.
Oh, these ethnic groups have grown rapidly like skain and have covered not only Rakhine State but have spread to other parts of Burma and some have even gone to work in other countries. The spirit.
“The initiative of the people to come forward to cast their votes shows that the people want change, which has hope,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
Al-Baghdadi, who is in his 40s and worth $10 million, reportedly took over as ISIS leader in 2010 after reforming the group. ISIS has also released a statement saying it will launch attacks in various parts of the world, as a result of the attack. American war that wounded its leader.
During the meeting, it was also learned that there are other shortcomings such as the lack of doctors and other shortcomings such as the lack of quarters for the doctors and also the lack of drinking water. “It's difficult to run this health centre,” said Samla John Lyngdoh.
Is it the poor or the rich who have to face the consequences of the closure of government schools?
Sawmer SC beat Nongthymmai SC 2-1 in their last match of the Shillong Premier League 2023 at the SSA Stadium, East Ground Polo. Shillong on 30th June.
Therefore, on behalf of Meghalaya Awaken Concern Citizens, as we are trying to speak and witness as citizens who stand to serve for the welfare of the community, we urge the State Government whether it is from the PWD road department or through anyone else. Which department has agreed to implement this road which is really necessary to improve it according to the road that should be used for traffic and to install adequate drainage and along with the public footpath as it should be and need more no longer in the expansion of the old by trying to hide behind by expanding and reducing more than it has been since the past.
There will be a meeting, a survey of the villages involved in the border dispute and we will also take the opinion of the people,” he added.
no.7005820127.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 16 : U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong, today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a road at a cost of T 126 crore in these border areas. Thousands of people from the border villages attended the program at Huroi. On this day, thousands of people from the border villages attended the programme.
Tin sopiing, mawblok were distributed so that they can rebuild the house which was destroyed by the fire.
“For people like me, it is very difficult to understand this Praise to Christians – Praise to the State Government (made by many Christians).
The example of Father Sngi.
In the next issue, other aspects relating to the work of the Electoral Commission in the State will be explained whether they are widespread throughout India or directly within. The state of Meghalaya has not been able to provide information to the public.
It is said that the child shortage in North Korea is due to the government's decree in the 1970s and 1980s, for fear of overpopulation in the country.
He said that for years, India has been a world leader in the pharmaceutical industry and in the last 10 years, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has brought about many changes in the country. and today, India has become a trusted producer of pharmaceuticals in the world.
When there is a Dorbar of MLAs, the people will turn to these rangbah to raise the issues of the state.
New Delhi: The Government of India has implemented 15 rules including the cleaning of idols and a fine of T.50,000 for those who break idols. in the Ganga or in its tributaries, in any religious ceremony.
Some suggest that through new technology solar energy and wind energy can be used.
After the government has already settled with the companies outside the court by paying their compensation to M/S Asthra Construction Pvt Ltd which amounted to T.2.65 crore and MSS Builders have paid up to T.1.95 crore.
Meanwhile, former Deputy Director-General Program of AIR Shillong, Narimon Shadap said that due to the large number of other media outlets, All India Radio should be in its own position by providing verified news and information.
Pynshngaiñ said that according to the rules of procedure of the District Council, all the funds should not go to the Secretary without going through the Finance Department.
The Government should no longer hold unnecessary functions such as the opening ceremony or ribbon cutting.
The meeting was also attended by Babu D.Kharbani, Babu P.Kharbani, Babu GR Marweiñ and conducted by Babu S.Rynshiang.
Being an MLA doesn't mean just traveling around the world with public money or staying in Delhi or Kolkata.
The Commissioner and Secretary, Health and Family Welfare, MN Nampui has informed all the Deputy Commissioners to include milk farmers to domestic workers and others as priority targets or groups. especially in the case of COVID-19 vaccination for those aged 18 years and above.
They also expressed their opposition and condemnation to the NDA government in the presence of members of the Congress Youth Committee. They carried placards with many slogans of condemnation and slogans and shouted that they strongly condemn the NDA government for its injustice to the people.
"I want to go on this trip because it's what I want most in my life," Bezoz said in an Instagram video.
Speaking to reporters, K.Sangma said that the delay in the completion of Iawmusiang is due to the failure of the contractor to start working even after the government has released the bills. .
He said another issue is that the people of Meghalaya do not understand the meaning of development.
In the 50m freestyle, Subjunior boys Meiaipynshan Lyngdoh Tron won the bronze medal.
Murray will also return to the 50th ranking at the age of 42 when the new rankings are released.
The four arrested were identified as Tengsan A Sangma, 35, of Darengre, Bilhomes Sangma, 19, of Selsella, Amseng B Marak, 20, of Darengre and Sengman T Sangma, Finally.
ML-05L-0269 was registered by Julius Kharmawphlang of Lapalang, Shillong.
“But how can the Government announce that it has been opened on the 24th without a meeting or laying the foundation stone,” asked the President of the Western Ribhoi Dorbar.
At least 17 people have been shot dead in the operation including 7 GNLA, 1 ULFA, 1 LAEF, 2 ASAK, 4 AMEF and 2 unidentified persons. establish.
“Therefore, let us strive to please God, whether we stay or leave”.
Many venues have been prepared for various sports, cycling and golf will be held in Delhi.
“If the people who walk and stand on this road feel that there is a danger from the quarrying and throwing of these large stones near this road, the government should take action in this regard,” he said. .
Bhopal: Power outages have disrupted many activities of the people; However, in one incident in Ujjain district of Madhya Pradesh, a wedding ceremony was disrupted due to a shortage of electricity in the village.
Explaining why Meghalaya still needs to be exempted from the CUET, the Chief Minister said, “Meghalaya has recently held the Legislative Assembly elections and the resolution has not yet been released. announce in the past month.
In his second letter to the Corinthians, Paul wrote: “In whom the god of this world has blinded the minds of the unbelievers .......2 Corinthians 4:4
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sanbor said that his gift to them is neither big nor small but it is a gift given only out of love. “It's just a gift of love, please accept it,” said Bah Sanbor to the Puja Committee who came to the meeting to receive the assistance given by the MLA.
The Bible teaches that mankind was created in the image of God and that we came into the world by God's command.
Not only do they raise election issues to be proposed before the people, but they also discuss and agree that they are better, more adequate and better than each other.
He said that the election of leaders does not mean only to elect those MLAs who will soon be held in the state and this includes the election of MDCs who are right. from Ri Bhoi District and no longer to discriminate against candidates from outside the District.
Jesus did not praise the widow, but he was sorry and condemned the burden on widows, the elderly and the poor with heavy taxes.
“Therefore, we request the government under your leadership to do something not only to investigate those involved in the intimidation of metor drivers”.
Chwamiki Ryngkhlem took two wickets in 7 overs and Richard Patwet took two wickets in 7 overs.
Regarding this year's event, the Vice Chairman of the Lum Spohpetbeng Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh Païa B.Synrem, has come forward to spread the message to all the relatives near and far. the preparations for the day of the Passover, which is the first day of the year.
At the same time, he said that his visit to Meghalaya is only a visit of honor and not on any agenda.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang immediately demands that the Government/NHAI should repair the NH-6 road and if the Government does not do anything, the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang said that it will take to the road.
And be not conformed to this world...(Rom. 12:2).
Three persons were taken to Ganesh Das Hospital while two others were taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment.
The strike has reached its fourth day.
On the 5th of June in Mawshun, gunshots were heard, bullets were fired and the Khasi people fell on the ground and blood on the streets, as we see from time to time,” he added.
Ma Lop Pohtam and Lahmon Tongper, leaders of the core committee of WJLBEMA, have admitted that they attended a meeting of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle with the leaders of the KSU South Central East Circle on Saturday at Dawki.
Nongpoh: The Secretary of the Presbyterian Church of Umsning Umsning District, Umsning District, has come forward to clarify the unfounded allegations made by Bah Drestalwell Marbanniang, Secretary of the Presbyterian Church Umsning District. The Church is unfounded at all, but it has become a misleading news for the Presbyterian Church and the readers of the newspapers.
Nongpoh, July 04: Although the DC of Ri-Bhoi District today declared a special public holiday, the entire district has closed its doors. , the State Bank of India (SBI) Umsning Branch and the United Bank of India (UBI) have not given any leave to their employees, despite the announcement that it’s a special holiday.
There are different companies that can earn money through your mobile phone.
He said that these tyndong lyer were brought from Assam to be smuggled and sold in Shillong.
This time, the Lajong team is comprised of younger and more experienced players who have returned this season.
Government authorities are conducting an investigation and President Vladimir Putin has taken note of the incident, his spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters.
Furthermore, the present era demands many things for the good and benefit of the society, therefore the Cell urges the students to work hard and diligently so that they can come forward in their studies. they.
The Central Government has set a deadline for the implementation of the new Revenue Collection Act from 1st November and has given until November to all the states to implement it.
“This is why we have seen more schemes that have never been seen in India,” he said.
Young Guns CC players did not play well, and those who took wickets included Ankit Tamang who bowled 8 overs, was tied for 45 runs and took 2 wickets. Mickey Lyngdoh, who bowled 8 overs, was tied for 55 runs and took one wicket.
The Constitution of India contains provisions that allow the people of the country to elect new representatives to the Parliament every five years. ), and also to the State Assemblies across the country.
If the AAP government in Delhi, in just a few years, has been able to attract students from private schools to government schools, why is it so strange that students are being driven to private schools to avoid government schools.
The service was enriched by special songs from the Choirs including Nongthymme Youth Choir, Standing Choir KJP Synod Mihngi Youth Choir, Mosiang Lamare Rim Youth Choir at 1 pm, Youth Choir Khliehriat Church and Tuber Church Youth Service at 10 pm, while at 7 pm Lumshnong Youth Service.
This is why I say that the marriage has been lyngkar since the arrival of the French and the Dkhars.
The lighting festival will start from 5 pm to 12 noon on the 18th and will end on the 3rd July
If you have a friend in the Planning Office, you can get a piece of land and sell it to the government.
However, the Commission has now tried to digitize the data so that they can know exactly whether they are many or few.
These statements are based on the views of these historians of that time.
Shillong, Nailur 10: U Bah John F Kharshiing has prepared to contest for the Congress ticket from Nongkrem for the upcoming elections.
According to a source from the West Khasi Hills Police, the incident happened on the night of the 10th of this month at about 10:00 pm when GNLA suspects. They also abducted the Sordar of Riangdim Village (Nokma) under Shallang Police Station.
He said that such celebrations remind the present generation of the sacrifice of their ancestors.
He also urged everyone to take part in the elections to be held on 19th June in Meghalaya.
“It’s a tough time coming back from injury at this point of the season.
FKJGP North Khasi Hills District has decided to hold this tournament as part of the celebration of the 30th Anniversary of the FKJGP. began to provide services for the welfare and development of the people in Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills.
iii) the need to urgently amend the SC & ST (Amendment) Act 1976,iv) the delay in the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eighth Schedule,v) the violations of many laws and customs which make it illegal vi) the desire of the Chief Executive Members of the Khasi Hills to unite all in one government which has been separated and divided into two by the notification No.TAD/R/ 50/64 dated 23.11.1964 to the United Khasi & Jaintia Hill Autonomous District Council (UK&JHADC) since
At present, the full building of the college has not been completed and 45 students, who have gone to study at the college, still have to attend classes in nearby buildings. The complete buildings of the Northern Ri Bhoi College will be constructed in the coming days.
The decision was taken after a thorough research and consultation with various groups on dangle education.
These trees are found in the Middle East, especially in Israel.
Nongpoh, Lber 15: The District Tuberculosis Officer, Ri-Bhoi District today conducted a program to distribute Nutritional Food Baskets to 27 people. TB patients adopted by NEZONE Pipes & Structure & NTL STEEL Pvt.
For another few decades we will be misled and ridiculed.
He said he is surprised that some people say that they are proud that the NPP, which is the National Party, has emerged from their own state.
The New Year 2024, has come to an end, in which mankind in the world with the hope of achieving sustainable economic growth, whether in terms of employment, income and especially in terms of employment. health.
“We are surprised that out of these 57 youths, there is only one Khasi youth whose name is mentioned, besides many Sharma and Gupta who are unknown,” said Thomas Passah President of KHNAM State Youth Wing. and Rupang.
He said that the meeting will be convened when the Chief Minister arrives in Shillong.
The matches today will be between Kick Start Academy vs Lawei Smit SC at 2.30 pm and Synroplang 77 vs Maw-U-Tieng SC at 4.15 pm.
Nongstoin, Nailar 1: Two nights after he went missing from his home, this morning, the family members of Bines Sangriang, 17, have found the body of Bines Sangriang, 17, A small forest near Myndo Umkyllain village, which is only 6 KM from Nongstoin.
Secondly, even if there is no amendment, the Committee will divide the constituencies to equal the population because at present there are constituencies with up to 50,000 votes and others with only 20,000 votes. This Committee will strive to equalize the number of voters in each constituency”.
They said that out of the five candidates who passed the examination, only seven candidates are injured while others have to look after their children and another is suffering.
Therefore, the people of Mawkyrwat Constituency should elect a suitable candidate especially to elect Bah Stelin H.Diengdoh one of the government officers who has recently retired from his post. who is also a person who knows everything that he has to do inside the Secretariat.
He also questioned why the teachers are in different positions, while the salaries are so different.
“I am the covener of a group of Christian MPs and we have a voice to express our concern and we are together to discuss these issues,” she said.
KSU Central Body President Lambokstar Marngar was the chief guest and Kitborlang Nongrem was the symbud chief guest.
Another question is how the Lokayukta appoints these officers, is it political, are these officers political appointees,” she asked.
Skop Kew . . . 0 0 0 2.000 1 0 0 0 0 .
The Padmashree Award winner Kong Trinity Saioo as the chief guest gave words of advice and encouragement to the members of the ABVP while Hamarsing L.Kharhmar in her speech reminded the members of the ABVP of the three themes of the Padmashree Award. Knowledge-Character-Unity.
So far, there are 365 cases in the state, 313 cases in East Khasi Hills and these include 239 BSF personnel, 60 others and other soldiers. 14 people.
“I have spoken many times on the border issues between India and Bangladesh as well as Meghalaya and Assam.
"There are people who say we should forget the past because it can't come back or it just disturbs the present, there are others who say we shouldn't forget the past because it is a lesson. which we should not do again or experience again.
Inviting those who wish to give jait to their father, the CEM said, “I would like to ask you to give us another way of thinking.
According to him, projects worth more than Rs 18,000 crore have already been constructed and erected across the rural parts of the country.
Jowai: The Sein Raij Tuber, one of the largest Sein Raij in Jaintia Hills, will start its behdeinkhlam from the 19th of this month and end on the 22nd.
This is after the Central Government has allowed the resumption of foreign trade activities across the country.
“If the MLAs do not come, the party has already prepared protests against them and these protests will be held in their homes and in their constituencies,” said the statement. Shillong, November 14: Rejaul Karim Laskar, Chairman of the Minority Group of the All India Congress Committee (ANC) in charge of Meghalaya, Nagaland and Mizoram Karim Laskar, today met with Rev VL Luaia Hranleh, Senior Administrative Secretary, Shillong.
“We stand firm on the principle that the government should implement the Influx Mechanism and we will see after 10 or 10 years how much it can curb the entry of mynder,” he said. “If the work is sufficient to prevent the entry and exit of mynder, the KSU will consider the railway line,” he said.
On the 13 .
The injured were identified as Ibalincy Mylliemngap, 8, Lumlang, 6, and Iaieidlang,
“We therefore request to allow some of the women members of our group, who are Viksit Bharat Ambassadors from the tribal state of Meghalaya, to present the Policy Document and Framework for Implementation to the Prime Minister and at the UCIL office in New Delhi.
India also had several chances to score against the opponent, but the struggles of Sukhjeet Singh & Gurjant Singh to reach the team were not successful. after being able to score a goal tied by a strong Belgian defence.
Both the teams have reached the top of the points table in the tournament so far.
In the first half, Kerala opened the scoring through Saffnad in the 17th minute.
Referring to the preparation of the KHADC to file a new complaint against the MUDA Act, Shylla said it is a mistake and it is like calling a fire truck when a fire has broken out. lip, “It's like calling a fire truck when the fire is already out," he said.
According to the complaints, in 2020, the Sub-Committee set up under the leadership of SK Khurana has decided to ban the use of 27 types of pesticides on the grounds that they can cause the disease of the flesh.
He asked what is the government's intention to encourage women to go to government hospitals to give birth in such a situation.
The prize money for the winners will be 15,000 for the first place, 10,000 for the second place and 5,000 for the third place.
When Rupang tried to inquire about the incident from the Civil Hospital, the nurses in charge could not give details, but said that the injuries were serious.
The incident occurred at around 2 pm.
Experts tell us that this can be achieved by using modern agriculture.
There should also be a plan to repair and improve the damaged environment and so on.
Therefore, if the Mother who is closest to the Son is illiterate; Have you considered the suffering of our Son? Reading and writing in this age has become accompanied by food and drink.
“On the part of the NPP, of course there has been such a proposal but time will tell, and the NPP has requested us MLAs of the PDF to join the NPP but time will tell. , because we haven't decided whether to enter or not,” said Bah Gavin Mylliem.
He said that besides these, there are others who have given examples such as Sooting, Rani to Ranee, Dohkrut to Decruse and so on.
He said the government had sent a letter calling for talks to the teachers on 16th July, 2013 but surprisingly they sent the letter on 20th July,
On 31st January, the state government had announced the decision to build houses on 2.5 acres of SMB land for the relocation of 342 households.
The Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs together with the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) will hold the second Sohra International Half Marathon in the state on 30th November this year.
Then the old man went to rebuke the young man, and after that he told those who had arrested him to let him go. u, after weighing it, it was found to be three kilograms.
Shillong: The rainfall in Sohra today was 390.0mm from 8.30 am to 8.30 am.
It is also worth mentioning that the Congress meeting to be held on the 17th of July will be a meeting where the leaders of the party will discuss their strategies and ideas on how to create opportunities. ways to strengthen the party after its weakness in the last elections in four states.
Shillong, July 24: Phon Syiah, Director of Adhunik Cement Limited, Khlieh Riat, on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the police alleging that an employee of the company has been assaulted by an unknown person. Sukban Sunn has extorted T.8,10,124 from four persons who market the dewbilat of the company.
Regarding the writing of Rgh.Albert Thyrniang that the people in the urban areas of Assam have become Hindus and have lost their identity, we must understand and remember that any conversion, without doubtful, it will lead to also removing their throat.
Besides the students, there were also gifts for the talented youth who have represented the district at the State and National Level such as Swimming, Super Star Dancing. The Singing Competition also awarded four doctors, Dr. Balapynhunshisha Syiemlieh, Dr. Khrawkupar Kharryja, Dr. Kitdor Diengngan, Dr. Gliff Richard Nongsiej and Dr. Gliff Richard Nongsiej. Lamkupar Snaitang, who helped to recover the body of a man who drowned on the 15th of July, 2022 in Wah Umngi.
The Minister said the government will do the same for the Meghalaya Industries Development Corporation (MIDC) to recover from its failure.
The Minister of PHE, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency, laid the foundation stone of this road on 14th November in the presence of DC Cara Kharkongor. , Bah SI Laso Assistant EEPWD Mawkyrwat Division, Village Ministers, Elders and the people.
The award was received by Dr. Rani Pathak Das, Public Relation Officer of USTM, Baridua, Khanapara.
Besides, he said that this step is not for the benefit of the farmers but for the benefit of the farmers.
KSU Nangbah Unit on Tuesday led by President Morning Star Pasi and General Secretary Eugine Hinge sent a letter of complaint to the Punjab National Bank, Nangbah Branch.
He said that in the last elections, the UDP won the most MLAs from all the ethnic parties and the highest number of MDCs from the ethnic parties was from the UDP. I am confident that as the candidate of the RDA supported by the UDP, he will be the only candidate from the National Party who has the power to contest against the candidates of the National Party.
“It is surprising that the Congress party, which should have lost, has won,” said Bah Bindo. According to Bah Bindo, for unfounded reasons and after finding out the truth, the UDP has decided to oppose the use of EVMs in the state. The elections in this state are neither MDC nor MLA elections.
The order was issued on 12th June, 2022 following a complaint by the Union of Waheh Shnongs, Jowai against the State Government, JHADC and the Urban Affairs Department on the 7th of this month. the next hearing will be held on 20 June
Shillong: The Meghalaya Government (MDA) led by the National People's Party (NPP) has decided to hand over the Myntdu Leshka Hydro Electric Project to private companies. All the leaders of Jaintia Hills have opposed this decision by the Government from outside the state to distribute electricity in Jaintia Hills. .
In this regard, owners of vehicles who have all the necessary documents such as a permit obtained through the Transport Department, Government of Meghalaya can register and the deadline will be on or before 10th November ( December) 2020.
During the raid, the Enforcement Department has arrested 40 foreigners from Lower Mawprem and these foreigners are employees of the BPL department of MUDA. they work until they are able to obtain a business license.
The body of the suspect was taken to hospital for post mortem and the investigation is ongoing to track down the others involved.
In his need for food, he also uses these krai, although he is not as good as these krai above.
The poor houses provided by the Government are only for those who are members and supporters of the MLAs/MDCs while those who do not support the MLAs/MDCs are not even looked at.
He also congratulated the retired Directors of the Soil and Water Conservation Department of the State Government, for their vision that has made the CTI like a shlem training on the protection of environmental resources.
Shortly after the incident, police conducted a search operation for the GNLA cadres involved in the incident.
There are 8 days a week;
According to these leaders who came to join the UDP party, the voice that came out of them who came to join the UDP party, is on the grounds that they saw that it is only the UDP party. Apart from the UDP party, there are no other parties that the people still trust to carry the burden of the state.
During the presentation, he explained the cleanliness and hygiene practices followed in the modern meat processing factories.
Banshanbha Khongsdam scored the first goal in the 26th minute before Chesterpaul Lyngdoh scored the equalizer for Rangdajied FC. Mawkhar SC have been encouraged by the fans of Rangdajied but have missed several chances in the first half. and he ended up scoring ten goals.
Shillong: The Mawlai Barber Association (MBA) has set a goal to set up its own Training Center for Khasi youth who have the desire, enthusiasm and skills to barber.
My son's goal is to become a good football player and it is very difficult for me to send him away.
Cherrapunji Eastern Craft Gin, a gin produced from Meghalaya, has come first in the Global Spirits Masters Competition, which was held on the 21st of this month. Cherrapunji Craft Gin made using rainwater has beaten 110 other brands from 55 countries to come first. .
This comes after they won the matches against Lumbhahdakha, Wahiajer and Thadmuthlong at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
The meeting was conducted by Bah D Rani Sordar of Center Village who also distributed memorandums to the BDO and block officers in the presence of members of the dorbar and elders.
On this occasion, the DC East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah took part in the flag raising ceremony and also in the public meeting in the presence of other lynreh ki lyndan.
Dr P Nongtdu, Principal of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat, said that the Khasi language is the language of the Khasi people. It is not a reason to undermine the greatness of the Khasi language and he strongly supports the recognition of the Khasi language in the Constitution.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (NPCDCS) is a program of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (NPCDCS), National Health Mission, Meghalaya.
In Revelation 21:13 it is written, “On the east three gates, on the north three gates, on the west three gates, and on the west three gates “These twelve gates lead to the holy city.
Larihun Songthiang scored two goals for Ïewryngkep in the 4th and 21st minutes, while Melaribha Lyngdoh (25) and Sodawanki Suchiang (42) scored the other goals for Ïewryngkep. The winners will prepare for the final on Thursday at the SAI Training Center for the title.
Jowai, Lber 31: A man named Balajied Nongrum has lodged a complaint with the Nartiang Police Station that he was robbed of his vehicle parts parked on the stairs of his residence in Mynsngat village on the 27th of this month. .
After receiving this award, the UDP Youth Wing honored her at the UDP office, in the presence of Mr. Titosterwel Chyne. The meeting was attended by the Working President, former Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie, UDP Central Body office bearers and relatives of the deceased.
We have informed them that they should stop selling these types of tyndong and other items prohibited by the MV Act.
This message does not condemn those who are well known in the field of storytelling, singing; and other forms of church administration at conventions.
He said that according to the Smart City scheme, there needs to be adequate streets, garbage disposal, adequate roads, markets and others but in Shillong, it is difficult to do so. this is especially true when the government has no money.
Not only that, the distribution of pigs, cattle, the government is not bad for the good intention of improving the income of the farmers as well as the distribution of money to the Self Help Groups (SHGs) , Producer Groups (PGs) to develop rural farmers.
In fact, the MPSC should have announced in the newspapers and on the radio that the public should know.
These foods are low in saturated fat and high in protein.
As Bah IR Dkhar supports, as the Khasi people, we should change the way we give our race to the father from the mother.
However, the court can still extend the days of detention after the expiry of the deadline.
The HNLC, has expressed the need to end the differences between the Hynniewtrep people and the HNLC, believes that the government has taken a strategy to divide the ethnic groups and to achieve peaceful and righteous rule. Therefore, you must be able to pay Hynniewtrep.
“The winners are those who have achieved the goal, those who do not have the goal are dead people and they are also a curse to the future.
He said that the BJP will form a government in Meghalaya after the election results even if it does not win alone but there are many other allies against the Congress.
I don't think it's necessary to explain longer or more in detail about this incident because the people who used to go in need know and understand better.
He said that the problem faced by the people is because some of the vehicles have not yet registered themselves according to the order of the Ministry of Road and Transport of the Union Government.
The Seng together with the Enforcement of KHADC have closed down many shops, restaurants & guest houses which are suspected to be operated by foreigners because they do not have Trading License and Up to 80 foreigners have been detained for not having proper documents including Work Permit & Labor Licence.
It is learned that the house was built half of foreign dew and half of wood, while the burnt part was made of wood and the tins that covered the house.
The Department of Mining and Geology, Transport, Excise, Taxation, Power, Revenue, Forest and Environment and others are the leaders in generating revenue from the state.
Nongpoh, July 18: Speaking as the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the Seng Samla Raid Nongbri Football Tournament held at Umsawnongbri today, Samla Jason Lennox Nongrum, who The President of HYC Ri Bhoi District has encouraged the leaders of the Seng Samla Raid Nongbri to continue to serve for the betterment of the society. in the villages under the Raid Nongbri.
The rice made in this way is called parboiled rice.
He said that after half an hour, the man came back with four other men to attack the woman and her son and stole the money from her shop before fleeing.
Shillong, Nailar 03 : Seven Muay Thai players from Meghalaya will soon represent India at the World Muay Thai Championship to be held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia tomorrow. from 9th to 21st January 2022.
Mairang, Nailar 27: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today appealed to the public not to buy or sell Topcem debilat produced by Meghalaya Cements Limited. West Khasi Hills District has visited the dewbilat shops to urge them not to take Topcem dewbilat.
This approach is very important.
Manipur won the toss and elected to bat first but were bowled out for 257 runs in 121.5 overs.
He said that in the past, the prime minister was angry and did not allow ethnic talks, but after the rally, which was held at Madan Student, on 30th November 2013, the prime minister “Perhaps he has knowledge that he has hidden inside, which we don't know” and therefore, their expectation is that they will talk clearly with Bah Kharshanlor. which trusts each other tomorrow.
He said that the demand for a change in the policy is not as easy as they think.
Cover well and leave for 5 — 7 minutes, then drink with a little sugar or honey.
This has shown the failure of the state to curb the smuggling of stone by Assamese from the Malidor River in East Jaintia Hills on the border with Assam.
He said that the ancients established the Law kyntang and the Law mana because they wanted to preserve the forests for the future.
They explain the truth very clearly — there are two things.
Speaking to media, Dr War said that 13 BSF personnel who tested positive for Covid-19 are from Umpling and Mawpat, while 3 civilians from East Khasi Hills District. ,One case is from Khanapara, 2 cases are High Risk Contacts of positive cases, 1 case is High Risk Contact of ARC and 1 case is High Risk Contact of cases. written in Bihar.
Rosetta Mary Kurbah Deputy Commissioner of EKHD was the chief guest in the presence of Jacqueline FJJ Nongkhlaw, Director.
Police said that he is a drug dealer and has been arrested many times, where he has many cases registered against him.
Elite Xi tied for 175 runs for 8 wickets in 19 overs to win by 2 wickets.
Vincent said that as the Chief Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs, they should have the authority to speak on this issue when the Union Minister visits the state. The Union Minister did not give any time to the State Ministers to talk to him.
“It is a question of language and I don't think there is anything wrong with using India or Bharat.
On the other hand, the MLA of Shella, said that if Sohra is upgraded to district status, many of the departments do not exist.
wheelchairs, 6 crutches donated by the State Resource Center Shillong (SRC) and 30 blankets purchased by the society for the PwDs.
He said the state receives financial assistance from the central government through various schemes including Amrut and NESID for urban areas.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) today announced the results of the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) for Commerce, Science and Vocational Streams. The results of the HSSLC Arts Stream and the results of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) will be announced soon after all the work has been completed.
“I came not to be ministered unto, but to minister,” said Jesus to His disciples (Mk.10:45).
“At present, 11% of the population are injection drug users, while 10% are sexually active.
They rule by force and kill anyone who disagrees or opposes them.
In the Open Meghalayan Men (21k) 340, 55 in Women, 1030 in Run for Fun (5k), 573 in Open Men (10k) and 118 in Women (45-55) 5k) 47 people, 23 women.
Referring to the Technical University Act, it was said that it has already been amended to make it a State University so that it can merge with colleges.
However, to solve the problem but to solve the problems is if the state can produce electricity in the state and the government is looking forward to these measures.
Regarding the bridges, it was said that as Meghalaya is an earthquake zone, it will be very difficult to build these bridges. Fly Over".
On the other hand, he said that it is not surprising, because when you read the BJP election issues, they are clear and far away and one of these issues clearly states that this is the intention. It aims to repeal the Instruments of Accession signed and ratified between Jammu & Kashmir and the Dominion of India in 1947-48, which recognizes the special rights of the Kashmiris.
“He has been a child since he was a child and I can say that he is also a hard working person,” said his son.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said he will monitor the progress of the program not because he wants to see the implementation but because the achievements have empowered him to work.
The resumption of polling has been ordered in 53 polling stations of Cooch Behar district following violence and killings during the Panchayat elections.
He said that the BSF troops are providing services for the country.
“Therefore, after 15th June, these meetings will start at the State Government level as well as at the District level if necessary,” he added.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lui Lyngdoh President after the confirmation ceremony, expressed his satisfaction that the spirit of patriotism among the youth is still strong as the days go by. strengthen the work in all areas especially the borders so that members can be vigilant.
In 2011-12, it earned more than T.14 lakh, in 2012-13 it earned more than T.13 lakh and in 2013-14 it earned more than T.12 lakh.
The director of DSEL has called the teachers on Monday to discuss the matter.
Gabriel Wahlang, sitting MDC from the Congress party, has been strongly criticized, which was witnessed recently at the party's general meeting at Bishop Hall.
The US raid on Baghdadi's residence reportedly took only 15 minutes.
Sitharaman said, “Each person will receive 5 kilos of rice, in addition to what they have already received. “They need 10 kilos of food items for the next three months and they can take them twice,” said Sitharaman.
These fruits also help reduce many diseases such as blood pressure, high cholesterol, kidney, and bone diseases.
The new CEM of KHADC said that he has not yet appointed EMs to the MDCs and he will soon arrange and send their names to the Governor for approval, but the post of Dy.CEM has not yet been appointed. He said that he was elected by Process T Sawkmie, MDC of Mawlai.
When these friends met, they greeted each other and talked to each other, How did you have a child? The Scientist asked.
Pangñiang recalled that in previous years, the Langpih Polling Station had been moved to Mawsikar.
The dorbar started with a question and answer session and also a memorial service for two late MDCs including Newanly Lamare and Simon Siangshai who used to serve as Minister in the State Government. MDC for 2 terms and MLA for 15 years.
With the support of the citizens of the State, we will be able to provide this service in the years to come,” he added.
In English, this is called a “conflict of interest” which means that if the Minister of PWD is also the road contractor, will he be more responsible for the construction of good roads or will he fight while labor costs can be reduced to make the company more profitable.
He said no one was injured in the incident.
ACHIK said it is not against any ethnic group and has no intention of demanding jobs for those who are not already in office.
Rev Fr Anselm Nonglang, Diocesan Administrator, Diocese of Nongstoiñ, before launching these sermons, said that this edition is the fourth edition and has been improved or more detailed. It is written for the benefit of those who read it.
The SP said that police are still looking for Julius.
Shillong, March 09 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has received the support of the World Bank to implement a project to exchange money for the waste generated from households or villages from all four districts. the boundaries of the Council.
However, her love for her nation did not give up and did not rest her soul. She wanted to raise another issue that she had advocated for the nation, the Clan Bill. protect and recognize the Sengkurs in the Khasi Hills.
Luke 1:6.
how to do it fast and furious.
MDA Minister and Khliehriat MLA Kyrmen Shylla acknowledged, “It is our own fault that coal mining has been banned in the State.
The victory shows the dedication of the athletes and also shows the unity of the spirit of sports in the state.
The tournament was inaugurated by Dr. Balendra Kumar Das, Pro Vice Chancellor of USTM, and Dr. RK Sharma, Advisor, USTM. it will be held from the 8th to the 11th of July.
The government has paid the company up to T.1.3 crore after an out-of-court settlement.
Since the National Green Tribunal (NGT) banned rat hole mining, the mining and transportation of coal in Meghalaya has been slow and this has affected the income of the villagers. .
KB Memorial Secondary School (EJH) won the second place 4-1 on penalties.
There is a need to review the UCIL's calculation of the environmental impact of the sale of the Nalgonda uranium project.
This now belongs to the government.
Therefore, the Education Cell urges the students to work hard and diligently so that they can succeed in their studies.
It is also interesting to know that the Dorbar Shnongs of these villages (Shnong Mutong and Rangad), take great care to preserve the environment, to make the environment bright and also strive to They also spend money from the village and donate money from the villagers as much as they can for the beautification of the villages. provide beautiful places, at the same time they have the aim not only to preserve the green environment, but also to promote tourism in their villages and expect that this is one of the sources of employment for the residents.
Ranaut, who strongly supports the Indian government's Farmers Act, has often insulted farmers protesting on the Delhi border, accusing them of being Khalistanis militants and rioters. village.
Unfortunately, those allegations have ended up in allegations because the BJP government in Delhi has not taken any steps to investigate those allegations.
The hard work of Lajong came to fruition until the 45th minute when Raddem scored the winner for Lajong.
Perhaps those who will vote on the 27th may be less than 35,000 or more.
On receiving information about the incident, the Umsning Police Station immediately rushed to the scene to repair the traffic jam, to avoid the traffic jam and also to avoid the collision. The traffic jam in the area has been slow, as those coming from Shillong to Nongpoh, have had to drive on the wrong side.
Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat has conducted a special training on the occasion of the introduction of the Khasi alphabet. Percia Phawa, Asst Professor, Khasi Department, told about the journey of Rev. Thomas Jones-I.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, defended the Speaker's action by saying that he acted in accordance with the rules of procedure of the Dorbar.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Pala said, “The position of others especially the BJP as you have seen is to divide us.
Earlier, the department had already included five sports grounds in the states of the country under the scheme and these include Karnataka, Odisha, Kerala, Telangana, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram and Meghalaya. Nagaland.
Conclusion -Conclusion/Wai Wat.
Also present on the occasion were the Executive Engineer of PWD Roads, Bah David M. Pyngrope, SDO of PWD Roads, Bah SI Laso and the residents of the village who came to construct the footpath.
At the same time, the General Secretary of the WJDBA informed that the Lucky Draw has been postponed and will be held on the final day of the tournament on 9/9/2
The incident caused damage only to the shops and property, but no casualties were reported, Khanapara Police Station said. Police Station will conduct an investigation to find out the facts.
They are no longer superstitious like the wild men of old who believed or obeyed without sufficient reasoning power.
The lives of three people will be lost if I don't take the path to reach an understanding.
As a small nation, if we are intelligent and knowledgeable, other nations will never be able to invade us.
I have been an MDC, I have been a CEM, I understand the situation in the District Council.
More than T.57,628 crore has been received by 3 crore women beneficiaries, which shows the benefits of this scheme in the empowerment of women.
At the same time, they also expressed their gratitude and congratulations to Bah Pius Marweiñ MLA Ranikor Constituency for being an intelligent man and for being able to unite all the people in Ranikor Constituency. four by the constituency.
Shillong, Jymmang : Ka Marynthing – The Khasi Traditional Dress Competition 2022 has ended on Saturday in the presence of Pynshai Rani, Publicity Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU). ES Majaw, owner of Ri Khasi Book Agency, Shanbor Khongjah, one of the leading office bearers of Seng Khasi Sengraij, special guest and other guests. Prizes were also awarded to all the winners and the first runner-up in the traditional costume competition was Monalisa Wankhar, who received a prize and a buskit of 15,000/- , the second winner was Lidaris Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi who received a cash prize of 10,000/- and the third winner was Dasanjanai Rani who received a cash prize and a cash prize. 5000/- and 10 others will receive a consolation prize of 1000/- each.
After more than two weeks of exams my daughter is feeling a little freer.
Police rushed to the scene and took the injured to Nongpoh Civil Hospital. The incident occurred at around 10:30 pm local time.
Erwin also mentioned the sections of the Lineage Act, under Section 12 which clearly states that no Kur kulmar is allowed even among Khasi, and Sub Section 7 clearly states that if there is a Kur kulmar No Kur, including the Kpa or the Meikha, shall be accepted.
Speaking to reporters after being sworn in, Bah Paul said that the demand for a Khasi Chief Minister will be difficult if they do not give their full support to the party in the upcoming elections. just finished.
Imphal: U Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah on Tuesday appealed to the people of Manipur to lift the blockade of the National Highway-2 at Imphal-Dimapur. .
About 8,000 people are reportedly stranded at the temple in Kedarnath, which was flooded, while another 2,500 are stranded at Hemkund Sahib and 8,000 at Badrinath.
The protest was held to express their gratitude to the government for listening to their request through Bah Hamlet Dohling during his tenure as MLA to upgrade the Umthlong Sub Center to It is also worth mentioning that the villages in the area have to go to Pomlum PHC or Shillong for treatment if the Sub Center cannot provide treatment. but the cost of service.
Pynchait Mukhim scored the first goal for Lakasein in the 46th minute.
Many youths and citizens have died in this second wave of the coronavirus and their lives could have been saved if the medicines had been available in their own country. Country.
“We have talked to the MPCC President before taking the decision to support the EC of Bah Pynshngain,” said Bah Lamphrang.
Shillong, July 4: Tomorrow, July 5, 2013, the state will celebrate the Environment Day. environment throughout the Khasi Jaintia Hills and the state as a whole.
It is a long discussion and in answering the question, Jesus points to two things (i) keeping the Law and (ii) loving God and neighbor.
According to them, it can be said that the night of the 20th will also be a night of mourning for those who have lost their lives from the Motphran Bridge, to see the collapse of the bridge which is also like a bridge. and they shall be in their hearts.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: After the end of the holidays and the return to school for the students of Mawlai area, the police have announced that no trucks will be allowed to enter the FCI from Awlai Nonglum to FCI from 7:30 pm to 9:30 pm and also from 2:30 pm to 4:30 pm.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the government will soon look for ways and means to introduce the Covid testing fee into the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS).
On the other hand, the HYC led by its President Roykupar Synrem, former leader Robertjune Kharjahrin and members from all units laid a wreath in front of the Mot-Dur of Soso Tham.
Meghalaya has reported 592 deaths from COVID-19 with 14 deaths in the past 24 hours on Tuesday.
This has been like destroying the environment in which we live, which provides us with food and drink, our needs according to our needs.
“As it is said, some may get away after committing crimes but they will not escape the long arms of the Law.
After the Government has given permission to the Club to go ahead with the tournament, the Club has arranged to start the tournament from the last month of April at Malki Stadium.
However, Bah Basaiawmoit said that it should be understood that the big decisions are taken by the CEM. “The EM may not even know about this decision taken by the CEM,” he said. u Bah Basaiawmoit.
Bah Mowoon Lyngdoh, Lyngdoh of Sohiong, said: “Many Khasi men who marry non-Khasi women and the children born from these marriages are not Khasi even if they live in Khasi. There are many inheritances in the Ri Khasi.
In Meghalaya, attempts have been made to plant in Cherrapuji, Mawsmai and Lalingtop.
The match between the two teams was very interesting and the goals came one after another.
On the occasion, Ramhlun Veng U-13 coach Laltthaluanga said, “We have trained hard for the Naupang League.
“The body was spotted at 3.18 pm by an underwater remotely operated vehicle (UROV),” a government official told a news agency.
Those who live in the State, among those who are clean, have done so to get many benefits – to buy land, to trade, to get jobs even though they are half-children! longkmie gave himself up to the owner of the house.
“He has the blessing of my mother and he will lead the country to development,” said Hiraben.
On the same day, the MLA and MDCs also met with the Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management, Ma Kyrmen Shylla at his office for the purpose of assisting West Jaintia which has been affected by the natural disaster. The impact of Cyclone Amphan has damaged agriculture, houses and buildings from roads, electricity lines and others.
Promising that Congress is ready to examine other laws to protect indigenous peoples.
Gurjit Singh said, “I think these details should have been given earlier.
Because I only know those.
“If the test finds that the water is not safe for consumption, the Government should take responsibility and if the Government does not act accordingly, the union will not hesitate to take another action,” he said. he said.
'KA JINGKYNTOHOHIt is through the vision of the various families of this village that even the low income from agriculture has struggled to send their children to school and it has been found until today. that this town has produced many workers.
We have decided to send our condolences and be with the family for these three days. Tomorrow we will leave Shillong for Sohra at the home of her constituency. also to Shella to express his last greetings and gratitude to his last leader.
After the meeting held at his office, Bah Tynsong said that the discussion was more detailed regarding the landslides and the places where landslides occur most often where such landslides have already been identified. places and how to take precautionary measures especially as it is dangerous now that it is the rainy season.
On Tuesday, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that the MoU was signed in the presence of Defense Minister Amit Shah in Delhi. Democratic Party (UDP), one Minister from the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and one Minister from the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP).
Until today, the people in many constituencies have criticized the UDP as one of the largest ethnic parties in the state, because they do not have the courage, thinking and cohesion of their government in the state. The second time with the NPP, which is with the BJP, has angered the people.
In East Khasi Hills District, 74 new cases including 21 cases from Armed Forces and 53 cases from civilians, 23 cases from Ri Bhoi District, 61 cases from East Jaintia Hills and 61 cases from North. There is only 1 case in Garo Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills, 9 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills.
He said that in these days it is necessary to strengthen unity in order to fight against the floods that want to invade the country and the nation and he said that it is necessary now for the people's leaders and MDCs to they put their party interests and personal interests behind but they must put the issue of the nation forward.
The total salary of the employees for the month has reached T.2,03,598 lakh.
The Mahila also said that the party will write to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, to increase the VAT on petrol so that the price of petrol and diesel will be lower.
Sources said that Salman on Monday received another death threat which happened just a few months after the death threat of Lawrence Bishnoi.
Among the leading candidates contesting the election are the Chief Minister and National President of the NPP, Conrad K Sangma; The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, President of the UDP, and the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma, the Leader of the TMC, are the only ones. He is contesting from two constituencies – Songsak and Tikrikilla, along with Shillong MP Vincent H Pala who is also the President of the Congress in Meghalaya.
The son of Pa'iem Wickliffe Syiem, Bah Andrew Shalomar and his brother also took part in the meeting and spoke about how the Khasi in Bangladesh are suffering.
When asked for his opinion, he said that he has decided to resign from the post of HSPDP leader because of the defeat in the constituency where he is an MLA.
“It is impossible to say, Bah Metbah has been able to lead the party and therefore we still have confidence in him,” said Mawthoh.
All heads of government departments have been directed to reach out to the Districts and other lower level offices.
In Ribhoi, there are 31 cases, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 8 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
Police seized 563 bottles of Phensydyl worth T.2.25 lakh, three mobile phones and cash worth T.17,5
Bah Ronal was born on 6th July, 1986 and lives in Upper New Nongstoin with his wife Kong Ba-ailang Lyngdoh Nonglait and one son.
UKPO Chairman Bah Niwel War said that the UKPO has requested the KAAC to recognize the culture of the Khasi living in Karbi Anglong and to appoint a member of the Council from among the Khasi as The office bearers of the UKPO are President Pynshngaiñlang Ratane, General Secretary Kularskhem Khynriam, Niwel War and Pius Sten.
According to a statement by Bah Novelson Mawkon, President of the Sohbar Youth Association, the destruction of these insects to the Kwai trees in the area has been severe. julor good good.
Mawkyrwat, July 19: As part of the promotion of tourism in the district, the Officer Club of South West Khasi Hills District, supported by the Department of Tourism, Arts & Culture and Sports & Culture, Ma Kyrmen Shylla, Minister in charge of Revenue & Disaster, Government of Meghalaya, has organized the Ranikor Beach Festival 2024 at Pamdaba, Ranikor, South West Khasi Hills District. important.
Through the smart meters, there will be no need to hire people to check the meters at homes and the cost will be spent on other projects to strengthen the electricity department.
“Unless we can curb the smuggling of firearms, it is difficult to curb crime,” he said.
Pastor Jamir said that since the beginning until now more than 800 people have been able to associate with those who have become addicted to alcohol and some have repented and some have turned back to evil deeds.
The Additional Project Director of CLLMP, Gunanka DB, while explaining about the scheme, urged the villages to set up voluntary groups to protect the environment and forests. mariang to receive assistance from this scheme.
The Minister also acknowledged that the State's goal is to become one of the top 10 States in the country in terms of GDP and SDG by 2032, which is a goal and which cannot be achieved.
“As soon as we come to power, we have a responsibility to the people of the state to investigate all suspected corruption cases and if found guilty, they will be brought to justice,” he said. .
He said that after the rulers of Myrïaw Hima came one after another and the members of the Executive Dorbar were renewed, the issue he brought up for discussion for the benefit and peace of the people. he too was expelled from the Executive Dorbar of the Hima.
A few days after the incident, ARSS Infrastructure Projects Ltd has expressed its readiness to withdraw from the Shillong-Dawki road project worth T 210 crore under Package II. They have been forced to abandon the project, a move which many believe is just a ploy by the government to cover up the miaw.
The facility will include the station, construction and ticket office, office, storage, guard rooms, passenger waiting area, toilets and parking lots.
The documents of the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh Thabah, have been examined for the contest of the MLA election in Sohiong constituency.
In the Under-18 category, Resu Union Sec School won the second place and St. Thomas Hr Sec School came second.
Similarly, a statement issued a month later to correct the vacancy announcement relating to 121 posts.
It is vital, then, that we hold fast to the teachings of justice and love that Jesus taught us.
He said that as a government officer for 40 years, he has worked many hours to complete his duties but if he becomes a leader he will give more.
These Congress supporters include members from the units and supporters from different villages of the constituency.
He said that in this era, if everyone wants government jobs, especially peon and office jobs, all 35 lakh citizens of the state are entitled to get them.
I can't play the guitar".
Tableland Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, who was also present at the meeting, said that this is good news and a golden opportunity for those who intend to start their own businesses. by encouraging them to take advantage of this opportunity which is at the same time a golden opportunity for the development of their organization.
Out of the 500 villagers who have fallen ill, 70 have reportedly developed more serious illnesses.
On the other hand, she said the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will not be able to implement the distribution of napkins to poor women in Meghalaya, as it will not win a single MLA.
It is learned that the group, has been able to raid the camp, after they found out that it was involved in the kidnapping of a driver on Tuesday.
They thought that if they left it alone, it would be like breaking it even if it was their own brother's house.
The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the assault on journalists, including a woman journalist, while they were performing their duties to gather news in The KHADC is fighting to remove the illegal vendors in Motphran and along the roads in Iewduh.
Therefore, the Seng Khasi Diengpasoh invites all the Kurs and Khas of the Seng Khasi to come and take part in this Seng Kyrsiew.
The FKJGP leader said that this traffic jam has caused a lot of trouble to the students especially those who are taking the Pre-Board Examination, who have to walk to reach the school. Examination center in Shillong.
The UDP has won 11 MLA seats this election.
In the first match between Mawlieh Upper Primary School and Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School, Mawlieh UPS won by 10 points. Kyrmenskhem Thongni in the 14th minute, Khardewsaw in the 35th minute, Davidkelvin Syiemlieh in the 39th minute and Wankyrshan Syiemlieh in the 50th and 56th minutes. .
This was arranged by the Church to take over the lyngkha in order to raise funds for the construction of a new church, which is now underway and has been completed about halfway.
Shillong: UDP leader and Sohra MDC Titosster Well Chyne has admitted that the appointment of CEM Latiplang Kharkongor, who has been elected by the Meghalaya High Court, will be a victory in the case. what is needed is to show the majority.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Thomas A Sangma, led a delegation of MLAs including the Leader of the Opposition Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Chief Whip Nujorki Sungoh and Opposition Chief Whip Saleng A Sangma. MLAs of the state and 20 officers of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and Meghalaya Institute of Governance.
“The 5th Pay Commission has agreed to introduce a new salary for teachers, which has also been approved by the Cabinet,” he said.
Although it is not known exactly where the police will check the odd and even vehicles, but the roads that should enter Khyndailad will be guarded by the DC. Motphran to Anjalee Petrol Pump and Jaïaw to Jaïaw for the roads from Mawlai.
According to the agreement between these religious groups and the Forest Department, the land should be returned if they do not use it anymore and if they do not cut down the trees, they should seek permission from the Forest Department.
He said that the path chosen by the VPP to overthrow the Reservation Policy is no longer just politics but ethnic hatred.
So they drank tea.
July 07: The President of the VPP (VPP) on Tuesday said that the VPP and he as a leader have no time to criticize anyone and the party will not ban anyone. Those who want to criticize him or the VPP but the only thing he wants is that they should not mislead the people on the reservation policy.
At the same time, there was a lack of supporters of the VPP on the streets to celebrate because the VPP has won by lakhs of votes against other parties.
Regarding his entry into the Congress, the MDC from Mawlai Constituency said that with his entry into the Congress once again, the Congress party will be able to rule the state in
Shillong, Naitung 28 : The Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Guwahati will soon submit its report on the collapse of the Dome of the Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang recently, said the Symbud Chief Minister. , Mr. Prestone Tynsong.
He said that many schools have failed and cannot move forward for many reasons.
The match will be played at 12:30 pm and the entrance fee for the public is 50 tyngka.
The District Sports Officer of South West Khasi Hills District today opened the 'Chief Minister's District Level Inter School Athletics Meet' at Madan Saitsnad Mawlangwir. Bah Carnes Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency was the chief guest to unfurl the flag as a sign of the opening ceremony of the 2023 Chief Minister's District Level Inter School Athletics Meet.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 56,342 so far, with 37,916 still undergoing treatment, 16,539 recovered and 1,886 deaths in the past 24 hours. there are 103 of them.
By throwing the shadem or the part where the police wear badges, Bah Gabriel, said that there are police chiefs who wear badges but who are covered with the blood of people who have committed crimes and who have committed crimes against humanity. such people have received Khusnam.
It is learned that the fire is also an old house as the fire can spread to other parts of the house.
Dr Donkupar also announced that the UDP will campaign for the Nongkrem Mission for the election of Bah Shylla.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District has announced that the Fair Price Shop Dealers and SK Oil retailers in East Jaintia Hills District for the year 2020 will end on the 31st of this month. December 10, 2020.
The officials of Dalmia said that the garbage was brought not only from Shillong, but also from Guwahati and the garbage has already been divided into two parts (waste). segregation) those that are rotten and those that are not rotten, but according to the investigation of the JNC members, it was found that the garbage was packed inside the garbage trucks. garbage trucks, which spread the smell even to the cars that followed them.
Therefore, the union has taken strong action by lodging a complaint with the district authorities of Ri Bhoi District and requesting the Deputy Commissioner of the district to take action to investigate and also to resolve the issue. and all the people came to Byrnihat.
As it is now, there will be many leaders from Ri Bhoi, who will join the party and the discussions have gone on, because we have got people who have good hopes to win in the constituencies. the party elects them to be such candidates.
Nongstoiñ: Students of NIOS in Nongstoin, who are also eligible to study under the Nai Manzil scheme through the Ministry of Minority Affairs, have alleged that the Principal of KJP Synod Sepngi School in Tiehsaw village, Nongstoin, has been arrested. The NIOS Center in West Khasi Hills, has played with their future by refusing to include the TMA marks of the assignments on the NIOS website. One of the students said that this has happened since they wrote the examination in 2018 where they did not receive the TMAs from the assignments, due to the lack of involvement of the authorities. He said that the TMA marks will help them in their examination.
Many vehicles especially heavy vehicles, trucks, buses and sumos have been unable to pass through the area. walk.
The fact that foreign exchange earnings of Rs 500 crore increased the country's GDP to Rs 1635 crore in
India have won the U-17 AFC Asian Cup only once in 2016 and since then they have reached only the quarter finals.
He said that the Assam government has been creating only ways to appease the Meghalaya government in relation to the border talks because once the river has been crossed, the border has been crossed. In the case of Meghalaya, the flooding of the Wah Khri will cause more and more damage to the border areas.
He said that the Seng has demanded that the State Government should immediately suspend those involved in issuing orders and the two Police Officers including the Dy.Superintendent of Police (Dy.SP) for throwing bombs. teachers, who are organizing a violent protest.
The Dorbar Shnong Shella, has also informed the public that it will hold a fishing tournament at Wah Shella on the 3rd and 4th October this year starting at 8:00 pm. Don't worry about the delay in the election of office bearers.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today welcomed dozens of supporters and office bearers from political parties in the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of KSU Mawlai Circle, Samla Biangbor Paliar said that besides the youth organizations, there will be many people who will attend the meeting especially as the youth organizations in Mawlai have been able to hold the meeting. two public events in two nights.
Shillong, March 21: The All Meghalaya Dancers Association (AMDA) will hold the final of the West Khasi Hills Got Talent Competition on the 26th of this month, 2016 at Tirot. The names of the competitors are Bah Pynhunlang Nongshillong, Trapper Upper New Nongstoin, Pynshngainlang K. Jahrin Tihsaw Nongstoin, Karbinus Syiemlieh New Nongstoin, Kmenlin Nongbri Shahlang. , Rapborlang Paliar Upper New Nongstoin, Nathanial Ryntathiang, Khrawkupar MKSyntiew, Sanjay Marbaniang Mairang Mission, Silvester Marsharing Mairang, Tylliborlang Syiemlieh Kynshi. r Noncase, Davis Lyngkhoi New Nongstoin, Robestar Marwein New Nongstoin.
In fact, you can cheat or deceive someone once or twice but not often.
The incident happened at 8:00 pm at Barato village.
Other speakers included DHO, EJHD Bah DB Dhar, Assistant Director, Horticulture, Bah SR Mulieh, Executive Engineer, Water Resources, EJH Bah K Lamare and Horticulture Development Officer Kong B.Rymbai.
Bah Bless Dkhar, on the other hand, has asked for up to T.1500 per truck to allow them to pass through Jingkieng Damsite regardless of whether it is a truck carrying FCI rice or other goods.
How much money they steal every day if it is converted into cash.
Researchers have found that people who sleep less than 7 or 8 hours are more likely to die prematurely from all causes.
Nongpoh: The residents of Orlong Shadali, one of the rural villages in Ri Bhoi District, which falls under the Raid Makdoh in Mawhati Constituency, have been delighted with the incident on Saturday, when Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, donated 25 solar lights to the village which has 25 households and which is also a village which does not yet have electricity.
Other speakers included Ajay Jamwal, General Secretary (Org.
After the tie breaker, Khlieh-mawlieh YC Nongstoiñ won by 5 to 4 goals and won the title along with the cash prize and trophy.
Shillong: The District Sports Officer of East Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, has invited clubs and schools in East Jaintia Hills District to take part in the Rural Sports Tournament, which will be held soon under the Rural Sports Scheme.
Saya and her husband Dilip have been living in Kurikhal on the land of Panora Khar-Ryja, who has the title of her daughter, Bashailin Khar-Ryja. In 2010 as employees of Panora, but now with the permission of the Hima Sohra, their temporary residence has turned into their own residence which they have started to build a complete house.
The issue, which we should discuss here, is whether the expulsion of the mynder only makes sense, or is it time to expel the mynder callers too? The truth is that Whether it is in the field of construction, in the construction of a house, in the trade of goods, the main reason is that there is an inviter or an offeror and there comes the person, foreigner; but if no one invites him, he will not come at all, because whoever comes, comes looking for a wage, a better price, or a more accurate job, and even a buyer of tin jot. , he will never come, if no one offers.
The brother hates his brother and is happy that if his brother runs away so that he can become the only owner of the household.
Jesus was betrayed by one of his disciples named Judas Iscariot after he had received a morsel of bread from Jesus.
She added that if this talks fail, the struggle of the HNLC will continue even if it takes another 35 years.
Kylie Jenner, who earned $1.266 million or $8.74 crore from Instagram posts, while Ariana Grande earned $996,0 6.87 crore.
Speaking on the occasion, JP Nadda said that the election manifesto which was launched by JP Nadda on the central theme of empowering the state through Modi and the BJP. but it will also be a guiding star for the development of the state and it has already become the policy of the government for the next five years.
Village leaders who attended the cleanliness drive were Tyrnit Pdeiñ, General Secretary, Luh Dkhar, Head of Cham Cham Village, Karlud Dkhar, Secretary of Cham Cham Village, Tyllibiang Sana, Secretary Bitral Dkhar. SSWA President Riling Phawa, Member of San Shnong, Advisor Mul Phawa.
Dr A War said that the test was conducted 7 days after the date of confirmation of Covid-19, as the person was not yet in hospital. The quarantine facility has been in place for 28 days and the health department has waited only 7 days and the result was negative.
They sent a letter to Bah Ardent in the past few months after Bah Ardent had visited Sohiong to register members.
They also expressed their gratitude to the government for appointing Bah DD Lapang as the Chief Advisor to the MDA government who is also the Chief Advisor to the Ri-Bhoi Dorbar.
In my conversations with many South Americans who still have the new word “Indios”, when asked “How do you say this word in your language?” They often speak Spanish because they say that their native language was used only in the villages and in the remote areas, that too only by the Tymmen ki Kro.
The city of Wuhan and 13 other cities in Hubei have been closed to prevent the spread of the deadly virus.
The Phawa Kur has expressed its gratitude to KD Phawa for donating 28 quintals of rice.
Condemning his remarks, the Minister said that the leader of the political party should apologize for his remarks against the people of the state and their culture.
“KHNAM has said that it should not interfere in this matter as it is still in turmoil,” he said.
It's not a school deficit, it's not long,” said the mother.
“I have read the provisions of the Women Commission Act.
He also urged the children to avoid bad habits and part-time schooling.
The Executive Committee also approved the request of the Hima Mylliem to amend the rules and regulations of the Hima Mylliem by allowing it to appoint Acting Rulers. Sordar, Acting Raid King and Acting Village Headman.
For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
Those who are in this world.
In addition, there are many other witnesses to prove this; The names of the places, the names of the hills, the names of the rivers are Myn-i, Mynriang, Umlong, Umpu Umshara, Umryntih, Umteli.
Perhaps, this is just the beginning of a small awareness campaign that will become a big one and will be of great help to our agriculture.
he said to Lahkmen.
The Apostle Paul in his second letter to Timothy, warns and reminds us that those difficult times will come, and the Apostle Paul himself wrote this in the years 64-66 AD or after Christ.
Shillong: Unidentified persons have set fire to the staff room of Nongrah Presbyterian School at around 8:30 pm this morning.
The leaders of the Union of Shiphew Dorbars honored Bah Paul Lyngdoh who was elected as the MLA of the area and as the Minister of the State Government.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The State Government has strongly condemned the acts of violence and violence such as car robbery, office burning and petrol bomb throwing or violence against public property or private property. which have become very common in these days in which it is alleged that these are just illegal activities.
“As an Executive Member of the Council at that time, I am well aware of these facts.
The KHADC New Channel will be broadcast on YouTube, Facebook, Instagram and social media so that the people from all over the country can get detailed information about the activities of the KHADC. the EC and KHADC are working.
Shillong: The NH40 Shillong-Pynursla-Dawki highway has turned into a flood especially near Pynursla due to flooding.
Is there anything wrong?, This friend tells us that they are still sacrificing 'leipyrthat.
In the Sub Junior Boys Compound, Abhi Khatri of Delhi came first with 694 points, Harsh Kumar of Chandigarh came second with 688 points and Surendra. Gat of Rajasthan came third with 687 points.
The Government will also assist in paying for the travel expenses of these 400 persons.
In Mawlai, there are many other students of NEHU who walk from time to time to Mawdatbaki and Mawroh but they don't feel comfortable walking.
Even if the two days are too short to discuss the anti-minority laws, the BJP government. I accept to discuss, even if he wants to discuss corruption as well, but it is not just the allegation of corruption against him. The Meghalaya government, but it is also the NDA government,” said Laskar.
Despite the problems faced by the people in the countryside and especially in the rural areas where there is not even a road to transport the sick, the Government has failed to build hospitals for the benefit of the people. to the public in the casino area.
Danggo said that his joining the BJP is the wish of his supporters, “and I know for sure that they will work hard to win me this time so that I can achieve many things. Ranikor needs it,” he said.
Leninstar Rymbai has been re-elected as the Waheh Shnong of Pamrapaithlu.
Volunteer help desks should be provided at each venue to clean up the garbage.
The leader of the group, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that in a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, he was informed that Amit Shah will return to Shillong in the next few months. We also want to see that all 60 MLAs will meet with Amit Shah to ask about these two resolutions and why the central government is silent. to decide on the demands of the people,” he said.
Why we are talking about this issue is that the people have not accepted even the assurance of the Survey of India on the basis of the Notification of the North East Reorganization Act, faithful to receive.
Prime Minister Duh said he is currently in Johannesburg to attend the BRICS Summit but his thoughts are on Chandrayaan 3 like all the people of India.
Shillong: The ICAR-National Institute of Animal Diseases (NIHSAD) Bhopal has confirmed that there is swine flu in parts of Meghalaya.
“It is expected that the improvement of the Umroi Airport will cost only about T.2000 crore and this will be done jointly through the support of the State and Central Governments,” the source said.
The book was launched at Ïungwalieh, Panaliar village in the presence of MDC Jowai South Constituency Symbud Chief Saron Pasweth, Waheh Shnongs of Jowai, residents of Panaliar and others at a meeting chaired by RK. Petrous Rymbai Secretary Education Committee.
He said the last six years have been the years of prosperity and peace in the history of Manipur.
Even government regulations do not allow them to do so.
Speaking to media, Kristopher Lyngdoh, Shanbor Thongni and John Justice Hahshah, in the presence of other dignitaries, said that in connection with these incidents, the Hima Langrin themselves want to end by saying that the emergence of some private individuals who do not understand the working methods of Pa'iem Nangtei Syiemiong has mislead the people of the Hima. .
In a letter, MPLU President Erwin K Syiem Sutnga said that the MPLU at its Central Executive Committee meeting on November 12 has agreed to demand from the Central Government to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
“The letter clearly states that the vacancies are reserved only for Garo applicants and 13 names of Garo applicants have already been sent to the Department in letter no. ORD.50/21(ST)/316-17 Dated Shillong, October 14, 2022, to do what is necessary on your part but, you take the path of violating the law and appointing those who are not qualified Garo is the owner of the Garo land according to the law.
The state government has also prepared many cultural programs in Shillong from the 13th to the 16th of this month. moon.
Manipur security forces have seized more than 50,000 WY tablets from Lilong Haorou Hanggamthabi village on Saturday night. the city of Imphal.
ISIS militants have claimed responsibility for a bomb attack in front of Kabul airport that killed 103 people, The Sun reported from London.
The union has also conveyed these demands to Bah Pius Marwein, MLA Ranikor Constituency who has promised to take action on these demands. Secretary KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong: At the time of writing of this news, a stone throwing clash has broken out between police and residents in Motphran.
French authorities said the bodies of the two people on board the plane had been found and both had died since before security forces and aid agencies could find them. this is the place where the plane falls.
The lack of electricity has also angered the vendors and there have been many discussions. Some of them have threatened to cut down the fireplace because it has been erected only to light up without working at all.
As Minister of State, Dr. Ampareen on this occasion visited two public health centers including CHC Patharkhmah and Health Sub Center in Umsong village accompanied by her MLA. Jirang Bah Sosthenes Sohtun and other NPP leaders. In a meeting with the party leaders at Dorbar Hall Patharkhmah, Dr. Ampareen also encouraged the party leaders and they decided to He said that the party has worked hard to strengthen the party in this MP election which is the goal for the party's victory and to win the honorable victory of Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh.
“We want the NFSA to be fully operational across the country for the benefit of the people from this government scheme,” Paswan said.
The match was made more enjoyable by the presence of the country's star player Aiborlang Khongjee.
By facilitating access to agricultural inputs, knowledge and services, empowering farmers with advanced technology and encouraging quality activities, PMKSKs are ushering in an era of prosperity to farmers.
When asked whether the VPP accepts to take part in the All Party Meeting that the government has promised to convene, “The party accepts any measures taken by the government in relation to the restructuring of the VPP. “It's a reservation policy but as the government's decision to convene the All Party Meeting is only in the media, the party doesn't want to say anything,” said Dr Batskhem.
The owner of the cemetery is Streamlet R Hynniewta, resident of Mawlai.
When asked whether the time will come when these four vehicles will have to be set up, the drivers said that it all depends on the people who have taken the contract for these vehicles and on the Municipal. If the Municipal is responsible, this work will continue.
Shillong, Nai Tung 29: The Excise Department of East Khasi Hills District has arrested 30 illegal drug dealers.
Another firefighter suffered smoke injuries while battling the blaze and was taken to a hospital.
The pastor, Chandra Kumar Pradhan, allegedly invited the child to a house near his house on 29th March and raped her and fled the scene. place.
Jowai: Police in East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday arrested seven coal trucks.
He urged the people to join hands to fight against pollution and to teach other residents especially school children not to spread garbage on the streets especially in the rivers. and by doing so we shall keep the city clean, tidy and healthy.
Shngain Rumnong is another candidate from Pynthorumkhrah, besides AL Hek, who has registered as a Congress candidate.
The 2022 FIFA World Cup Golden Gloves winner will arrive in the city and there will be several other programmes.
The meeting was attended by more than 200 participants from 32 villages in Betasing Block, including Village Authorities, VHCs, VECs, ASHAs, Anganwadis, SHGs and VOs and others. .
Shortly after, he worked as a Chowkidar of Barato Dispensary, then went to Mynso to study and completed Middle English and Basic School in Jowai.
K. Verma, Deputy CEM of JHADC, Bah Lasky Rymbai, R. Pasah and others.
Kochi: A person's good fortune changes his life and this has happened to an auto driver in Kerala, who earned Rs 12 crore from a good fortune.
He said that many of the Congress supporters who left the party in the MDC election have returned to strengthen the party.
He added that the movement from one party to another will not affect him in this election because it is the people and supporters who led him to join the BJP. “If you need to leave the party, you should leave the BJP because only the BJP can bring about development projects that benefit all,” said Bah Shangpliang.
The MDA government led by Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has held its Cabinet meeting in Tura for the first time since the independence of Meghalaya.
She said that according to the information of the people, the man was riding in a vehicle which cannot be identified as the vehicle and whose vehicle it was. The family members of the deceased have requested that if anyone has seen him, please inform us by calling
Only the entry fee is 18% (CGST 9% + MGST 9%) according to the rules stipulated in the GST Acts, Mondal said.
Then the devil took him to the holy city and set him on the pinnacle of the temple, and said to him, “If you are the Son of God, throw yourself down from here. For it is written, He shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee: and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.
“We are facing a lot of problems because we don't have a bridge and if we get the bridge, the road will be complete,” said Bah Marshillong.
Although Nongthymmai tried many chances to respond, they couldn't create a chance in the first half.
Shillong, Lber 27: The North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy, Shillong, has announced through its website, that it will conduct an interview for the post of Staff Nurse, on the 7th June 2016, at 11 am. for the post of Junior Engineer (Civil) and Junior Engineer (Electrical), will be held on the same date, but from 2.30 pm.
As a researcher who has studied the Khasi language, he says that it is a beautiful and prestigious language.
On the other hand, the elders were very angry with the BSF and especially that they came to build a camp in the area without permission.
Let the people of the State, hear first the testimony of the two Congress MPs, Ma Vincent Pala and Kong Wansuk Syiem and after we have heard the statements and facts from them, then we will I don't know why, but I'm sure it's because I don't know what to do, but if I don't speak up, I don't know why. field, in the presence of these great men.
The PDA in the opposition has only 8 MDCs but it may lose another MDC as Bah LG Nongsiej MDC Nongstoin will soon join the HSPDP. Chief Guest at the closing ceremony of the seminar organized by the Khasi Authors' Society in collaboration with the Khasi Authors' Society on Saturday at Shillong College. Umbam Umdih of the State Government has expressed his concern that the Khasi language has not yet been included in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, although it has been completed in its entirety.
As soon as he left the office, Bhalang didn't understand that he was walking on the ground.
But God says – “They say, There is no God. Psalm 14:1
The heavy rainfall has also flooded the Nonbah and Nondeiñ rivers and many houses near these rivers in New Nongstoiñ village have been flooded and also in some parts of the village. the city of Tiehsaw.
The Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Children's Minister, said that he does not have the disease, but is undergoing treatment.
The Executive Committee of the WFI will hold the election on the 21st of this month.
The team is expected to play well in the final against Man City.
On this occasion, the KSU leader said that the KSU does not interfere in the activities of the VHP in the rural areas, so the VHP should not interfere in the activities of the VHP in Bri Hynniewtrep. The VHP is responsible for all the citizens of India, but the surprising thing here is that the VHP is responsible for those who have become Indian citizens with documents, not citizens of this state, and this is the action of the VHP. it shows that you have that strong character.
Aizawl: The polling in Mizoram today went smoothly with 75 percent turnout, according to sources.
The UDP has also said that the establishment of the High Level Committee on Influx (HLI) led by former Symbud Myntri Rangbah Bindo M Lanong is a waste of time by the Congress. before the election.
Speaking to reporters in Aizawl, Chuaungo said a video conference meeting was held between the two Chief Secretaries, chaired by the Home Secretary. Mizoram will withdraw its police from the scene of the incident and Assam will lift its road blockade on the National Highway. 306.
Introducing the budget of T.30 crore for the year 2023-2024, the CEM said the council has received an estimate receipt of T.174,59,38,4 Hynniew Phew Four thousand Three hundred and fifty-nine hundred and fifty-five thousand four hundred.
Dr. Donkupar Roy MLA from Shella constituency in 2018, Dr. Donkupar Roy MLA from UDP, Hropsing Nongkhlaw from BJP, Bah Leston. Wanswett is from the Congress party and Bah Wellborn is an Independent.
Sunrays Secondary School, Mawlai Nonglum
Besides Rangbah Shnong, Sengbhalang Leaders and Chief Executive Members, MDCs including Adelbert Nongrum and James Ban Basaiawmoit also attended the meeting.
After the inspection, a meeting was held at Circuit House, Nongpoh, in the presence of Dr. DD Lapang, CP Gotmare, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Bah Phidel War. MUDA, CB Syiem Chairman NTC, Bah D. Hynniewta ADC Ri Bhoi, Bah K. Suting Chairman Chairman of the Union of 8 Villages, Elders of Nongpoh area and Rangbah Shnongs of these 8 Villages .
Around the world, women continue to earn less than Men, even when education levels are equivalent.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Byndhihat area also attended the ceremony and thanked the BSF troops for their contribution to the village and the backward area by providing free medical treatment to the people. It is to bring about reconciliation between the people and the army that has destroyed the country.
For example, in Garo Hills, it is impossible to say that the people or the MLAs turn to only two leaders, whether it is Dr Mukul Sangma or Conrad K. Sangma.
On this occasion, the Principal of the College, Dr. Phervision Nongtdu and the teacher of subject environmental studies gave a public explanation on the importance of protecting forests as they produce clean and breathable air.
As part of the celebration of the Independence Day of India@75, known as Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, the office of the District Sports Officer, East Jaintia Hills has announced that it will hold a webinar on 14th August "King Nangbah as the Freedom Fighter of Jaintia Hills"
The government's failure to curb the illegal occupation and construction of houses in the area has caused instability to the residents of Laitumkhrah and surrounding villages.
The union also urges the shops to provide their license immediately and threatens that if they do not provide the necessary documents, the union will close down immediately when it conducts a sudden raid, said Samla Donlang Nongbri. He is the General Secretary of the HNYF.
Soteveny L Pale- SSLC 75 percentile.
This will be an honor to the community and the West Khasi Hills as a whole.
He said that many people are praying these days, in which they want God to speak to the judges of the Supreme Court. Pastor Basaiawmoit himself said, “We want to show that Aadhar is unnecessary”.
“From the Society, we will try to train the youth in various fields related to tourism so that they can become employment opportunities for the youth,” said Bah Banteidor. all those who took part in making the Escape To Nongjrong a successful and successful festival.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the death of a child from the mother of Baltima Rani, who had a stroke at the time of birth. The child did not cry at the time of birth.
The election will be held on the 28th November 2018 at the Durbar Hall of Pynthorumkhrah from 10 am to 12 noon.
In the Madanriting area, the road from Lumbasuk to National Law University will become one way, vehicles will be able to pass only from Lumisha NLU. You have to go from Demthring Petrol Pump to Madanriting Presbyterian Church.
“We have had talks with Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sharma to relocate the Chakma and Hajong groups,” Rijiju said.
It is worth mentioning that according to the government 's survey , the areas under India will lose up to 150 yards of land , but the four villages said that they do not feel any loss If the signboard is not erected soon, it will endanger even the places they are using now because of the infiltration of Bangladeshis, while the 150 Yard will be endangered. As it is now, it is a place which they don't even want to use because even the Bangladeshis have come and stolen more than 150 yards which they have left in the forest.
WALKING HELPS WITH WEIGHT LOSS:— Weight loss is one of the things that can discourage you from doing anything you want to do.
“We want a promise from him that he should arrange that those demands will be met within a short period of time,” said the Shongknor.
Shillong: The heavy rainfall in Shillong in the past 24 hours has been the heaviest rainfall in 2019, if there is no change in the coming days.
When questioned by the police, the Khar Bangladeshis admitted that they had smuggled into India without documents in order to earn a living.
He said that before getting a vehicle licence, the people should understand the rules related to driving, and also know about the Motor Vehicles Act.
As it appears from the speech of the Prime Minister, the special session of the KHADC to confirm the MDC may not succeed because the government will not accept a person to be sent by the KHADC but will elect a person from its own country.
As soon as I saw the title of this song, I started to open it, and I thank those who uploaded this song, because they added to the lyrics of this song.
People now throw garbage in the hills and rivers and pollute and destroy the environment without any hesitation but escape from their own homes.
According to sources, the state police arrested the five persons after receiving a complaint from the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Imphal East district.
He said that the place was named 'Ïew Shyllong' because the same ritual was brought from Lum Shillong by the Meikha Mylliem and gradually, through this ritual, location turns it into a major market in this neighborhood.
It will be a curse for future generations if we continue to think only of our own temporary interests and force our own thoughts or feelings.
Although the State has been a full state for nearly 50 years, the number of these students who may one day become the shapers of the future of the rural areas as in other states of this is India.
Students are also very fond of such teachers.
Houses destroyed by fire in Iew Riangdo.
Therefore, the public is urged to complain to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone if they find that the dealers or sellers of ration are not selling at the price or kilo. Toll free No.1697, or to the District Grievances Officer of East Jaintia Hills District.
Police have seized the vehicle at Ladrymbai and at the time of writing of this news, it has not escaped.
Shillong: U AF Kon, Chairman of the 1st Nartiang Block Congress Committee, today sent his resignation letter.
Although India has been contributing to the UN peacekeeping mission for many years now, the presence of the Riflewomen of the Assam Rifles brings another dimension to the country's commitment to peace and stability. for the good of other countries.
On the other hand, the Minister of State and Leader of the PDF, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that the PDF has been recognized as a party in the state after winning four MLAs in the 60-member House. .You said that the PDF will not be able to hold the mombati.
The demands of the Muster Roll workers are to recognize those Muster Roll workers who have worked for more than 10 years under the Regular Casual Worker's Scheme
However, at the Assembly held at Mawkhar Presbyterian Church in October 1923, “it was agreed that the Presbyteries should raise funds for the Hospital Missions; This will be considered by the Committee.
Therefore, let us examine the state of the world today and let us travel around the world and different religious groups.
Although I don't have a house, the state government has built thousands of houses for our daughters to have their own homes”.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Samla Robertjune Kharjahrin on Tuesday said that the government's failure to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, Conrad Sangma and Revenue Minister James Sangma have promised to open casinos across the state if they come back to power after the 2023 elections. The purpose of the casino is only in words and not in writing.
The suspect was arrested by the Bulandshah police in Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday.
Shillong, Naitung 18 : After the MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has decided not to contest the 2023 MLA election from KHNAM but will contest from other parties, the question has arisen from many. Whether he will join the Congress, HSPDP or VPP because other parties like UDP, NPP, TMC, BJP do not have their own candidates.
In 2023, Poland has received two Leopard missiles purchased from Germany.
This decline in tourists has affected them badly because it is through them that they have been able to survive to support their children in school.
The ethnic groups living in this constituency are the Rimen, Muliang, Maram, Nongtrai and a few Mawiang and Lyngngam.
Similarly, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has issued SOPs on disinfection, cleaning and prevention for the prevention of COVID-1
The places with the highest rainfall in the past 24 hours were Sohra - 161, Resulbelpera - 78.4, Williamnagar - 102.6, Mawsynram - 169.2, Nongstoin -
Shillong: Out of the 150 high risk contacts of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, 148 are covid negative and 2 are Covid positive, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Aman Warr, today said. positive.
Twenty people were injured in the incident and nine of them were taken to Tura Civil Hospital for treatment.
The festivals held in previous years, were organized for profit with a focus on fashion shows, foreign voices where traditional values ​​did not find much space.
The court has summoned all the perpetrators and complainants on 9/08/2
This incident has made the owners of the house happy and Balarihun Kongwang said, "I am happy when God came to show a miracle in our house"
After the release, Pascale has made a new friend, where she is dating Paola Turci (55), one of the Italian singers. They went to the field and sat down alone.
Another child from Denggasi, Garobada, was found dead in the Ganol River in Damalgre River.
On the other hand, SBYWA led by Samla Namphrangmi L.Talang, General Secretary and Skhembor Shadap, President, also urged to expedite the construction of the bridge. The construction of this bridge will also boost income, economic development and trade in these border areas of Jaintia Hills.
Serto said the youth of the region need to be taught to walk on the path of peace.
In Ri Bhoi, two of the four MDCs, Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong, have confirmed to contest on the NPP ticket from Nongpoh and one, Charles Marngar, on the Congress ticket from Mawhati.
JAC leaders Nidamon Chulet, Balen Thubru and Stephan Ranglong of MTU on Monday visited the dewbilat factories with the intention of fixing the price of new products including dewbilat and clinker. The Dewbilat Factories have immediately refused to implement the announcement on 13th July 2020 through the Commissioner and Secretary to the State Government, Transport Department.
He explained, “Some sections have already been excavated, but we cannot operate them directly because of the presence of these pipes, according to my information from the report.
Speaking to media, Shibun said the party does not want to sit back without contesting after doing so in other constituencies in the last elections.
This shows that the MDA government is selfish and does not have a strong basis to prevent the entry of foreigners.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM) today held an emergency meeting to discuss the arrest of the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
“I will take a decision on these MDCs, I will hold a meeting with the committee.
In this regard, the border guards on Monday seized Phensedyl and sugar from the border of Meghalaya and Bangladesh while the traders were trying to smuggle these goods to Bangladesh. Bangladesh.
Ribhoi has 12 cases, West Garo Hills has 22 cases, West Jaintia Hills has 4 cases and West Khasi Hills has 5 cases.
“He was with the Congress youth and went to UP for the election of Rahul Gandhi. He worked hard at that time but some saw him as a threat to them so they removed him. ticket,” said the President.
The resignation of the CEM has made it impossible not only to pass the budget of the Council.
Any sitting MP/MLA/MDC who wishes to contest again or wants another ticket from the same party, must get the approval of the party.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, said that the Committee has not found any irregularities in the purchase of equipment according to the report.
However, these natural resources remain untouched by the cover of garbage, forests and btap, because the villagers have not yet had the opportunity to express and build them properly.
Shillong, Lber 9: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has held more meetings in the past few days to discuss the issues of the KHADC. The party has opposed the working methods of the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) Garo Hills Region will hold a meeting on the 3rd November 2021 at Asanang, Tura, West Garo Hills at 11:00 am. All teachers of upper primary schools in Meghalaya have agreed to hold a strong strike until the government implements the demands of the union to increase the deficit of all 844 adhoc upper primary schools in Meghalaya. .
Now, as it is, Justin cannot move his right eye as well as his right neck.
All the deceased and injured are from Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills.
I have been involved in a competition called Operation Clean-up since
He said that the Khasi believe that they are the children of God and that he is the creator of heaven and earth who loves, protects all people and the Khasi religion is one that believes only in God. and in your own religion, don't believe in these things because blind beliefs will bring sorrow, not in other religions they have a share among the people but it is something interesting that in The Khasi religion has never had such a division among the people.
“We are surprised to see that as soon as James Sylliang took office as EM of Trade, he has lost his sleep because he wants to open the Agrovet. “It is also learned that he has met with the management of the company even in Kolkata to discuss the matter,” said Peterson.
Riticia Nongbet (1/22) who ducked the first wicket of S.Meshram but after that Vidarbha gathered again to strengthen the leg. Vaishnavi Khadkar (54) and BS Fulmali (72) managed to score 127 runs before losing their second wicket.
In this regard, the authorities have advised that you should not download the Apps if you have a request from unknown or untrusted callers.
Rhea, 28, denies taking drugs.
In the Shillong Zone match, Langsning SC scored three goals when Roikhihbha Nongtdu scored the first goal in the 6th minute and Roikhihbha Nongtdu scored the first goal in the 6th minute. Arnesius Marwein scored the third goal in the 57th minute.
Not only that, many people discriminate on the basis of KHADC and JHADC without knowing that these two Councils are divided in the form of governance within the Districts and not in the form of racial differences.
He said that in the past, there has been a struggle to raise the flags of the old parties to form a new one, but it has not reached anywhere and it is up to the people to strengthen the RDA to win the election. He urged the people to elect themselves and respect others to protect the nation which has 22 lakh people because only the owners can protect themselves and not expect. from others.
The clothes merchants are happy because the number of buyers has increased during the rainy season than during the rainy season.
Of these, only 342 land dealers have registered in Shillong.
Pray for kings and all who are in Authority Over us or in places of high Responsibility).1 Tim 2:1-2.
The Rangbah Shnong cannot refuse to issue a syrnod without first holding a hearing and this too shall be done within five days.
The bodies of those two men shall remain on the road for three days and a half.
“They used to say that the market is the plate of the Khasi but from this closure of the shop you have understood whose plate it is,” said many of the marketers.
Before the meeting, the youths and some of the elders of the village, lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, who urged the DC to to inspect these works in the village.
On this day, it was a very exciting football match between the Pastors and Tymmen Basan in which the Tymmen Basan team won by 3 goals and 2 goals against the Pastors.
The investigation will include medical treatment and other incidents according to the facts and will also investigate whether there was any excessive action on the part of the police which led to the death of Balsan S.Marak , in while he was under investigation by the court, as allegations were made.
Bah Toni Byrloi, a member of the Land Owners Association, expressed his satisfaction that this project has come up, at the same time he requested the authorities to look into and consider and implement the demands. They said in a petition submitted by the Association that it will benefit the people of the area of ​​the four villages.
In North Garo Hills, the two cases were in contact with those who were already infected and were infected while taking medicine.
After seven days, Lajong will return home to face NEROCA FC on the 9th.
Swami Achyuteshananda, who is in charge of the Ramkrishna Mission Shillong, said that the Mission has provided treatment to people who come for medicine and other diseases. which is simply charged on a donation basis and does not set a price.
The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF) has extended a helping hand to a family affected by a fire.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the price of petrol has been revised with immediate effect from the month of June.
The players of Minerva Punjab, arrived in Shillong yesterday and are now in good preparation, with a training session at the Polo Ground this morning.
Shillong, Lber 31: The President of the KSU, Samla Daniel Khyriem, today said that the KSU has received information that the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Shillong has convened a hearing on the issue of for the registration of voters for the residents of Lyngkhat, Pynursla Constituency.
Then they began to drink and eat and drink.
Meanwhile, Los Angeles County has filed a lawsuit against MacArthur for violating the health code.
There are 103 other pages and groups operating in Pakistan and linked to the Inter-Service Public Relations Department of the Pakistan Army. ethics and those who destroy people.
The story of Elephant Whisperers has touched the hearts of many and after the film received the Oscars many came to see the elephant cubs kept at Anamalai Tiger Reserve.
On the other hand, Kong RM Kurbah, congratulated all the villages who have cooperated with the government, for welcoming those youths who have returned from other states, without any any discrimination or discrimination in the villages or even in the homes.
In such cases it is a great test and our faith will be tested even more.
In Beijing, two opportunities were even given to remove smoke-emitting cars from the road and in 2011, cars purchased before 1995 were removed first, with owners being paid in $350 to $2,300, to dispose of these old vehicles; In 2014, the city authorities decided to remove the yellow label vehicles, which number about 330,0
District Magistrate Garod LSN Dykes has ordered a micro containment of Ringkyrtein at Moodop village, Nartiang.
Regarding the statue, u Bah Carness said that the statue cannot speak but it will stand to remind the students and youth of the jaidbynriew about many things. Sngap Sing Syiem will remind us that as the people we should love our own nation, our own kingdom and our own land.
More than Rs 101 crore Suryanamaskar has been completed in all the States/UTs so far.
Tourism should be the source of employment for our youth in the service of welcoming and providing tourists whether in their accommodation, travel and also in the ecotourism which we can see for example in Goa and other tourist destinations abroad.
School authorities should not be afraid to report to the law enforcement authorities if they have any suspicions about such youths.
Shillong: The State Government has suspended the enforcement of Section 144 CrPC in some parts of the city, although it has been extended to other areas as announced by the Deputy Commissioner earlier.
Bah Michael Binong, Kñi Rangbah of the Binong Kur, said that the death of this young woman has not caused any pain to the family and the Kur demands that the state government and the Rajasthan government should take action. It is the duty to conduct a thorough investigation even if it is to the CBI for a fair trial.
Dawan Lyngdoh said these police battalions instead of protecting the people, they have to protect themselves from the rain, cold and wind.
But God has gathered them back from captivity for His own glory.
The first semi final will be played between Ri Bhoi and South Garo Hills on Friday followed by the second semi final between Shillong Cricket Association ( Shillong Cricket Association ) against Tura DCA, which is second from Zone 2, will compete on Thursday.
He also questioned why he has remained silent and not done anything during his five years as Prime Minister.
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Ministers of the Hima also accompanied the Minister on his visit to Ïewduh.
There are days when the hostel is like a place of dancing, singing, entertainment when people come together, especially on holidays.
TUR alleged that the High Court's order violates the Constitution of the country which has set aside its own provisions to look after and monitor in its own parts.
Under these PMGSY Schemes, the State Government has sanctioned more than Rs 900 crore for the construction of colored roads in the rural areas.
But on a daily basis, God warned repeatedly that the tents of Israel were in danger of disease and pestilence.
He was baptized in the name of Ibahunlin.
It is learned that Allan F Dkhar General Secretary of the UDP was present at the meeting which most of the UDP leaders did not know.
“I have offered T.15 lakh to anyone who provides information on the police,” Shira said.
Regarding the reply of the Government, we are waiting for a thorough investigation into who smuggled the 13 lakh metric tonnes of coal, how they smuggled it and where it smuggled it.
Group B will play between B.Kharang SC and Ïasnohktilang FC at 2:30 pm and Umpling SC will play against Umpling SC at 4:15 pm. Mawkriah West SC which belongs to Group A. Thousands of people of the Catholic Church of Nongstoiñ Diocese today marched together to pray for peace. to come to Manipur and to offer special prayers for the refugees who have suffered many hardships from the bloodshed which has lasted for about three months in the state.
At the end of the competition, the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District distributed all the prizes to the children who reached the goal of victory. first place, second place and third place with prizes and certificates to prove their achievements.
The need is not only how to fight, but how to endure even in the midst of many changes that affect everyone.
Here the wealth of the world has been lost; We don't have time to teach, to strengthen, to explain.
He said that from the beginning, the PHC Dawki was built with the consent of the majority, but suddenly the project of construction of 2 lane Shillong-Dawki road through the Ministry of Road Transport and Highway has lost it. “We are against this decision of the government because it has not consulted or given any opinion on where the Center should build a new PHC Dawki.
BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai has sent a letter to the Chairman of the Law Commission of India, Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi demanding that the Uniform Civil Code should not be implemented. UCC) in Scheduled Areas within the State or areas in Meghalaya under the jurisdiction and jurisdiction of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Tens of thousands of teachers in these days, have staged a protest across the state to demand that the government should call for talks but unfortunately till date, it has not called.
This fragrance has a powerful ability to change anyone in our lives who believes.
In 1918, at the end of the First World War, the British Government passed the Government of India Act 1919 instead of independence and the Constitution.
“When I presented my performance report as an MLA, it was my duty to present it to the public, and I did not ask the people to vote for me in that report,” Marak said.
Shillong, July 19: Development is the main issue of the mid-term elections in Chokpot constituency.
These women were still covered with face clothes and their clothes were the same clothes and thus, no one saw that they had performed the wedding ceremony incorrectly. another, who is not faithful, who should be their husband.
Another Dr. C Daniala, Professor of Radiology at NEIGRIHMS said, “It is a good idea, it would be better to type the names of medicines on computers, most of the time we don't recognize the characters. “Our fellow doctors and sometimes we don't even recognize our own signs,” he said.
It is learned that there are schools in Mawkhar, Laitumkhrah and Mawlai where the HYC has visited to ask these questions.
The District Election Officer (DEO), East Jaintia Hills District, today said that after the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) for the conduct of the Lok Sabha elections 2024 in the State, The residents of the district should download the cVIGIL app which is a mobile application for the residents to report any violations of the MCC and violations on expenditure.
Speaking at the meeting with the Paiem of Mylliem Hima, the elders, women and youth expressed their opposition and will not accept the election of Rangbah Shnong.
Unless you have the facts to say how all the Bills have been issued through DHS, it is not so.
At the meeting held at Umiam MeECL guest house on Saturday, the demand of the union to drop all the cases filed against the union members before any talks was discussed. entertain.
The Movement for Indigenous Rights of Meghalaya has demanded that the government should clarify the application, especially in relation to the sending of the necessary documents to the this is the board.
In East Khasi Hills, 55 cases including 2 cases from Armed Forces and 53 cases from civilians, 19 cases in West Garo Hills, 6 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 6 cases in East Garo Hills. There are 4 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 4 cases in North Garo Hills and 1 case in South West Garo Hills.
The Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KDF) will be headed by Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem as Chairman, Bah Pynshngaiñlang N. Syiem as Vice Chairman, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw as Secretary and Bah Carness Sohshang as Ass.
The decision came a day after the HPC sent a reply regarding the blueprint of the state government alleging that the proposal from the government is incomplete and does not match at all. .
This city does not have love in it, does not accept and rejects people like the robbers, the poor, the homeless and others.
On the other hand, he said that if the party leaders feel that there is a need for a change in the top leadership, they should hold an election to elect the president of the AICC. This election, they will be welcomed to rule the party.
“When we celebrate the victory, we must also look at the sad part, where many of the youth have not passed,” he said.
Although the city has all the departments to look after this problem, but no changes have been seen to make the city free from problems.
A source from the Investigation Wings of the Income Tax Department said that the money is still in the hands of the Income Tax Department and they are still looking into whether it was mixed with counterfeit money.
Those who took part in the program included the Police Department led by Bah Vivek Syiem, SP Shillong City at the same time as the chief guest.
Easterland Iangrat top scored for Lumpaia with 20 runs from 33 balls and Aristerwell Suting took three wickets in four overs.
In fact, the work on the buildings has been completed by 85%.
Nongpoh: After a meeting between the Chiefs of Police of Meghalaya and Assam, through Ri Bhoi Police and West Karbi Anglong Police, which met at Sabuda village, Block-2, yesterday, the Police of Meghalaya Bhoi, they have met with the Police Chiefs of Kamrup District (Rural) Assam, to discuss how to maintain peace and order in the villages on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
The Rangbah Shnong came to the house of Bah Jop and first comforted Kong Maya who was crying.
Initially, NEHU's boundaries were in four states, including Meghalaya, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram.
Meanwhile, England and Real Madrid midfielder Jude Bellingham won the Copa Trophy in the Under-21 category.
Replying to a motion by the UDP MLA from Mawkyrwat, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, the Minister said, “To set up another department or have our own agency to look after the improvement of the The roads will have a serious impact on the government's budget as the Agency Charge will also have to be included in the budget.
She also encouraged the students not to be discouraged but to have strong self-confidence in their struggle. but first of all she said that she should have faith in herself and hard work in herself.
This jaid kba does not need to be used.
Perhaps the Forum didn't ask for information that Sahsniang has two parts, A and B, because we want to hurry up first to ensure that our fellow citizens don't die, but if this means something else, Sahsniang You have expressed your opinion.
It has an area of ​​98,653.27 sq. km.
The report also said that the Social Welfare Department is also preparing to submit to the government to open a Head of Account for Transgender persons.
There are 78 cases in East Khasi Hills, 17 cases in Ribhoi District, 13 cases in West Garo Hills, 9 cases in Ladrymbai Khliehdupon, 9 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 4 cases in East Garo Hills. and he that dieth, hath one.
Miriam Lyngkhoi, a retired teacher of Nongstoin College, said that they should continue their studies to produce officers, teachers and priests. big city.
In this case too, she supported the opposition of the smallest party, the VPP. She again urged the government in Delhi to send a governor who speaks English.
Besides, Minister MB Kharlukhi said that the Hima Mylliem has also decided to provide financial assistance to the Rangbah Shnongs to encourage them in the fight against the corona virus in the country. the state.
After receiving the information, the KSU immediately visited the area under the leadership of Donaldstone Thongni, Vice President of KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit and Shiningstar Lyngdoh, General Secretary of KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit. They also donated tins as part of their efforts to help the family.
They are located in 22 parishes: Mairang, Nongkhlaw, Kynshi, Nongkasen, Mawthong, Mawkyrwat, Munai, Nonghyllam, Mawpat, Rambrai, Umwahlang, Riangdo. Nongjri, Umdang, Shallang and Riangdim.
Drinkers should also have adequate advice from their doctors on how much alcohol they can drink according to their strength or physical limitations.
The meeting was held at the hospital grounds.
The remaining connectivity to the North East is a very small area in West Bengal which has created many challenges to support development activities in the region.
The signs indicate that the BJP will rule Gujarat again, while the Congress will not be able to form a government in Himachal Pradesh.
The Minister said that the salary of Parliamentary Secretaries will be in accordance with the Salaries and Allowances Act,
In 2019, there was a struggle between the ADC and the state government to manage the municipal areas. In 1976, the Bhoi demanded their own ADC. “It's been a long time since the elections,” they said. If the seventh article protects why we have to dispute land with the Karbi or Assam, if it protects the rivers who pollutes isn't it because there are many foreigners who pollute because they shall enter and dwell freely.
“These guidelines have been handed over to the district administrations and the IGP to strengthen and ensure that these areas should be safe for commuters," he said.
There are also many functions in his body that scientists have not yet fully understood.
We would be happy if there is a permanent waitlist in the blocks and villages.
It cannot be said that football is the king of sports in the State, but there are other schemes that can be brought forward to build this plastic stadium.
“We need to close the big and small doors to let outsiders in,” he said.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah H.Nongdhar, Intrisha Kharlukhi, Bah Chesterwell Sohtun Headman of Kut Village who are former students of this school.
Shillong: The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) has elected five candidates for the 2019 MDC elections. Nongkrem, HSPDP President KP Pangniang, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said in a statement that the HSPDP has elected Damian Lyngdoh Marshangbai from Mawthadraishan and Sherborlang Lyngdoh Mawlong from Sohiong. HSPDP Nongstoin Area Unit led by Bah D.Jyndiang, former MLA and part-time MLA of Nongstoin and Bah T.Lyngdoh Vice President, held an emergency meeting at The party office in Nongstoin to discuss the party's intention to give MDC ticket to Bah LG Nongsiej.
At the same time, the soul cannot help but be excited when the festive season has arrived and once again with faith and hope we take part in celebrating Christmas.
Lur is the one who gets the honor (Aesop's Proverb).
The Minister confirmed this in an interview with reporters, saying that the government is ready to pay the electricity bill to NEEPCO. He said that the Power Finance Corporation (PFC) of the Central Government has accepted the request of the State Government to provide financial assistance to MeECL. money for the purpose of paying the debt to the electricity distribution companies of the state government.
Banmonbha has five young children, three girls and two boys.
We have demanded that only the indigenous people (Hynniewtrep and Garo) and those foreigners who have lived here since 1971 should get a Permanent Resident Certificate.
His writings are on the laws and regulations, on the service of God, on the events, which he draws from the facts, in relation to the Sixth Scheduled and on the judiciary, related to the and miscellaneous cases.
Last month, he visited a Ford factory in Michigan, where he was required to wear a mask and said he wore it when he was inside the factory, but “I don't want the photographers to take pictures of me wearing a mask,” he said.
Dhoni has scored 488 runs in nine matches and five half centuries.
Referring to the aspects of the income assessment, Modi said, "This shows the terms of reference that can be provided in terms of costs and benefits.
In the letter, Dr Nalin Mehta in a meeting with the union leaders informed that the conduct of the examination has been handed over to a company HLL but the examination centers are in Shillong, Guwahati, Jorhat & Delhi.
Regarding the salary, Bah Paul said that if there is a need to increase the salary of the Chairperson, the department will examine this.
The former village leaders also urged the supporters of Kong Grace to raise awareness of the need for a Dorbar Hall, which the village itself does not have yet.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) War Jaintia Circle together with the Rangbah Shnong of Lamin Village have lodged a complaint against the driver of the NRHM Ambulance at Nongtalang CHC, Bah Aimon Tariang. District, after the driver lost the keys of the ambulance while they were trying to transport a patient from Lamin village and who was also one of those who were found sick and arrested for eating food. that tit wild.
The JSU said that the Unit in collaboration with the Sengkmie sends reminders from time to time to the relevant authorities especially to the EE of PWD Jowai North Div.
One of the members of the church was crucified himself and bombed with sympathy, as a sign of surrender to the suffering of Jesus Christ on the cross.
After a few minutes, Gladdy had a free kick but due to lack of response from the opponent, the ball went straight into the net for the third goal. For Sawmer, Bishar Mawthoh had a try in the 68th minute but Wanteilang Malngiang, who had waited for Lajong's goal, had scored the second goal.
This was announced by JC Cajee, Secretary of the Platinum Jubilee Celebration Committee
The Dorbar Shnong Loom Soo Iung Newhill wishes a happy Behdieñkhlam to all the Niamtre children of the Seiñraij Jowai which will be held from 6-9th November.
Meanwhile, the SP of West Jaintia Hills, Lakador Syiem, said that BSF personnel at Dawki and Muktapur have seized 301 cows from Bangladesh. .
Yadav has been in hospital for five months and has sought bail to treat himself.
During these days, the Minister also visited the Cauveri River, which is one of the rivers, which has been used as a source of drinking water for the two states including Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.
Regarding the parking, he said that as it is a narrow road, all visitors from Raliang area are requested to park their vehicles inside the Madankynsaw Football Ground and at the ground prepared inside Nongkynrih Village. A parking lot has been prepared at Umpung, which is located below Nongkynrih Village.
At the time of writing, Jalaphet Bri Sumer came first with six points from two games, followed by Mulait United FC with six points and no goals.
As one of the farmers, I would like to request the government to think about increasing the price of Synsar, because if it is in this way of decrease in the price of Synsar, it will affect many people. four farmers.
The water is so strong that even the animals that drink this water and those that go to eat plants get sick and die.
Rangdajied United FC and Kickstart FC have scored 10 points each after beating each other 2-2 in Group C of the 3rd Division I-League. this morning Tuesday in Goa.
“We should not be afraid just because we are small, we cannot be afraid just because we are poor,” he said.
So soon we will know the candidates and after that we will start the election campaign," he added.
He said that if they don't produce the word Prah, it's enough, but to shout 'u prah... ha u prah...', aren't they the supporters, and added that the people should judge with the people. They see, because not only the NPP but even the president of the UDP has been talked about and insulted face to face.
In the fight against Corona, we see that only Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs and MLA of Amlarem, cannot hide the truth.
The KSU appeals to all the countrymen to join hands and take responsibility by not bringing in foreign workers but also to take this opportunity by turning to their countrymen to help them. At the same time, many of our fellow countrymen have been able to work in many different fields and this is the way for us to develop our fellow countrymen.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya (IAS) was the chief guest. those who have been shot are welcome.
Embhah said that before the meeting, he had proposed to the government to set up a committee in which the members should be from the government, himself as an MLA and also from the Mawlai Town Dorbar to consider. for this purpose but the government has not done so.
Shillong: All the doctors of NEIGRIHMS, Nazareth and Woodland Hospitals have joined hands with the Indian Medical Association to express their solidarity. and the demand for a Hospital Security System, Patient Identification System, and also that patients should sign a soskular that if there is any damage inside the hospital on the part of the family members, they will have to pay all the expenses. , and if a doctor is assaulted or verbally abused, the video footage from the CCTV footage will be handed over to the Ex-SC judges for consideration.
“The success of the Aspirational District program has encouraged me,” he added.
Meban Nongtdu scored the goals for Moosianglamare New in the 21st minute, Nangjop Nongtdu in the 26th minute and Ebor Nongtdu in the 53rd minute.
The clearest peace treaty is that when these countries sign the treaty, it shows that the last day or 70 days has begun.
What kind of intelligent world is like this? Our country and nation have fallen into such a tragedy, 'we have sat and stood and stood'
The increase in prices, the increase in school fees, the cost of documents affects the family.
After receiving the information to temporarily leave, the shopkeepers have agreed to collect their goods from the 14th of this month and every 10 days they will have to take their clothes to Garikhana. .
Players must complete their registration on or before 28th November and must also bring a certificate proving that they have been vaccinated against Covid-1
There are 4 schools participating in this program and they are divided into two categories, Junior and Senior Category.
This road still falls under the jurisdiction of Lower Lachumiere Village and through this road it has been seen since ancient times that parents who come to school with their children often drive their cars to walk without hurrying because they are happy. light to pass through the main road.
He said that as leaders they should ensure peace and stability is the most important thing.
At the same time, Bishop Victor urged the people who attended the opening ceremony to cooperate with the Sisters who run the hospital so that the hospital will continue to move forward in helping the people to get health care. you are healthy.
If you find any insects in the plant, do not destroy them by throwing them into the water.
Speeches were also delivered by GSU President Tensak who said that the government should know that this protest is not for the political parties but for the people who need the ILP. and the government, we will continue our struggle until we get ILP,” he said.
God created the first man, Adam, saying, “Let us make man” (Genesis 1:26).
Also present were Justine Dkhar, Local MLA, Hopeful Bamon MLA, MB Rymbai and Laski Rymbai MDC and other district officials from East and West Jaintia Hills including Officers, Magistrates and Police Chiefs.
They received their own prizes including a memento, tablet, trophy and certificate.
The General Secretary-cum-Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw in a statement, said, “It is shocking to see that the Police Department has admitted that through an audio recording alleging that one of the suspected members of the HNLC He was arrested while talking to HNLC leader Bah Sanbor Pala, which has shocked the police.
Paul Danny Kharmudai of East Khasi Hills won the Karateka title by winning two medals in the men's sparring over 60 kg category and in the men's 60 kg category. Or.
At 7:15 pm, I received a phone call from my son Smt.
The protests at CMJ University have been going on for 10 months but the UGC is still ready to investigate.
The States/UTs have supported the Panchayats by inviting Implementation Support Agencies (ISAs) to facilitate the construction of VWSCs, support in the preparation of Village Action Plans and to implement the works after the implementation of the VWSCs. they have built the house.
In addition, this program is also part of the training for the students to acquire knowledge outside the classroom and they are encouraged to take part in these activities related to this topic.
Therefore, the High Court has ordered that the felling of trees in connection with the first part of the road should be suspended until a contractor can be found and until that contractor can implement the The road without any obstacles including the area near the Indian Institute of Geomagnetism.
“The Congress has done well in the fields of education, road connectivity, trade and income distribution.
Don Sumer, President of the UDP in Ri Bhoi, said that as of now, the UDP in Ri Bhoi, has been planning to rule by force only by 10 kni shi Pyrsa, between Bah Donbok Khymdeit, President of the UDP in Ri Bhoi and the UDP in Ri Bhoi. His son, who is known as Bah Jeffry Khymdeit.
Jesus speaks clearly in Paul's letter to the Romans on this subject.
In 2017, 33 members of the KSU were imprisoned for the same issue, but the KSU and other KSU members are ready to imprison more than 200 members. times.
The fire of nature is crying but the children of men are ignoring its cry.
Shillong: Three players from Upper Shillong will represent the state in the tournament to be held in Kolkata on the 22nd of this month.
The Seng said that the lack of hostels has caused problems to the students, especially the girls, who face many problems while staying in rented houses.
Bah David Roy is one of the government officials who inspects it.
“The absence of a weighbridge on this road is also a violation of the NGT order,” said the coal traders.
Priyanka Chopra, who has suffered from discrimination in Bollywood and her loss of acting in several films, has not been able to talk about it and is happy that she is now at peace in Hollywood. and she doesn't have to worry as much as she did when she was involved in Bollywood.
Other states where the Election Commission has notified the Rajya Sabha MP elections include Maharashtra with seven seats, Odisha with four seats, Tamil Nadu with six seats, West Bengal with five seats and Andhra Pradesh. -5 seats, Assam-3 seats, Bihar-5 seats, Chattisgarh-2 seats, Gujarat-4 seats, Haryana-2 seats, Jharkhand-3 seats, Madhya Pradesh-3 seats, Himachal Pradesh Manipur - 1 seat, Rajasthan - 3 seats and Meghalaya 1 seat.
Their duty was not to shoot what they saw.
We are influenced by other ethnic groups and we are happy to show and express our own culture from the language, the thylliej, the song, the music, the music, the clothes and so on. .
In this regard, the KSU South Center Circle will hold a meeting on Monday, 8th June to demand the ban on the army patrolling in these remote areas.
R.Lamare ADO Thadlaskieñ Block.
This message calls upon all to repent and pray earnestly.
These efforts are slowly starting to take shape.
If we turn to our own Jaidbynriew and compare it with other neighboring Jaidbynriew we will see that its destruction as it is today is due to the lack of thought about where we came from and how our ancestors were. , our ancestors lived even before the British rule.
Speaking to media, Bah Sanbor Rapsang, Discipline Secretary of the HNYF Central Body, said that even the school children can no longer concentrate on their studies and it is time for these soldiers to shoot.
Meanwhile, the Principal of the school, Rinku Bhattacharjee, said that 2013 was a very busy year for the school and the students from primary to secondary have brought a lot of reputation to the school.
Conrad said talks are ongoing with Lalrinliano Sailo, former Congress minister and other politicians in the state.
According to the party's target, by 26th July, 1 crore Indians will be admitted.
These organizations blocked the road to the venue of the public hearing and DC East Jaintia Hills District Bah FM Dopth was also blocked from leading to the venue.
Shillong: The Indian Super League club Bengaluru FC will hold the U-13 and U-15 boys' selection tournament at the MFA Polo Ground, Shillong from 1-4 June. .
Lamiker Dkhar won the second place and Sanijaijai Khyriem won the fourth place.
East Garo Hills Police have launched a thorough search operation to track down the suspect and the vehicle.
The lie will remain a lie even if we all accept it.
On the Forest Department, a new Social Forestry Branch has been established to look after this area; This department is to look after the planting of trees to develop the tree planting industry to encourage community forests and laws and regulations and to provide assistance from the Council. of nature.
In the first semi final, YFC Trangblang beat Amlanai TC 9-8 in the tie-breaker.
"The Forum strongly condemns these heinous and potentially hostile acts in the society and calls on the authorities to take the necessary action against these perpetrators," the statement said. KJCLF Secretary Rev.EH Kharkongor, This group of Christian leaders under the umbrella of KJCLF also sends a message of condolences and support to the believers, members and leaders of the Church who have suffered This incident affected their faith.
A case has been registered against him under Mairang PS Case No.10(02)2019 U/S 5(n)6 POCSO Act. .
After the members of the Seng this morning 25th November 2021 went to the house of this Heprit and talked to her house where they said that they don't know anything about this. There is a tragic incident that has happened to the child. It has been done by the father who in fact should have been the protector of the children but he has turned into the destroyer of the longrynïeng. When asked where the perpetrator is now, they said that he has been arrested at the out post mentioned above. The Unit expresses its gratitude to them. At the same time, the Unit congratulates the law enforcement agencies who have arrested the villagers. to this man.
Also present were Bikram Marak, Superintendent of Police West Khasi Hills, Principals of schools, parents of the awarded students and other students.
“There are many reasons but the main reason is because the MLA has advised his supporters not to join the Congress and should leave for another party,” said Dr Lyngdoh. Speaking to reporters today.
This decision was taken at an emergency meeting of the State Executive Committee (SEC) of the MMSA held on Thursday.
Speeches were also delivered by Dr. Marco, Bah Marseile Kharbani, former Rangbah Shnong Darius Syiemiong and others.
“We had the opportunity to talk to the VC about the decline of NEHU. According to the NIRF Ranking, NEHU has dropped to 90th position among the universities in India.
He said that as a family, when they help others, they give with joy because of the blessings that God has bestowed upon their family.
The Minister urged the residents of the State to take care of themselves during the rainy season and said that such natural disasters happen every year. .
The KSU Wapung Unit on Tuesday held a meeting with the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on the 23rd of this month under the leadership of President Deiniwan Lyngdoh and Shwari Ryngkhlem General Secretary. Dkhar Assistant Secretary KSU EJHDU and Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem have lodged a complaint with the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MPCC) demanding the closure of Abhi Coke Pvt Ltd. region.
The JSU has recently demanded from the Minister to implement the demand through the Department of Arts and Culture to allocate funds for the construction of the statue of Kiang Nangbad.
About 4,500 personnel of the Tripura State Rifles will be deployed in the areas where there are no election activities, while the BSF will strengthen security in the areas. part of the India-Bangladesh border.
When asked what they would do if the HSPDP expels them, Renik said it is too early to talk about it now.
There will also be thunderstorms in some places and heavy rainfall in other parts of the state.
Another statement by Bah Shanpru said that the government should have imposed no entry from the truck exits from all districts to make it easier and avoid traffic jam, but this too, it has not done. and the incident at Umling and on the Shillong-Guwahati highway in these days, is due to the lack of attention of the state government to look after and manage the work.
The Quarter Marathon was held for men and women under 18 years old, 18 to 35 years old, 35 years old and above, Police and Defense Force, persons with disabilities. and he that sitteth upon the throne shall not be ashamed.
The party has also accepted the resignation of two MDCs, Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC from Mawkynrew and Antonio War MDC from Laitumkhrah.
In Ribhoi District, there are two cases, one case of shingles and one case of jyrwoh.
At birth, children need love and care, adequate food, and a variety of education.
“The farmers' organizations cannot apply for any scheme.
The Union found that the government has been negligent in not updating the fares that have been fixed since 2005.
Three candidates, Arelitha K Sangma, the candidate of the North East India Development Party (NEIDP), who intends to contest from Selsella, have been rejected today.
International journalists in Israel, who followed the troops, said how shocking and heartbreaking it was to find children and parents sleeping lyngktar in their rooms. Their houses were covered with blood, which showed that the militants had entered the houses to shoot and kill those they found.
It is learned that the vehicle had a number plate from Baghmara and was not arrested by the police.
They were residents of Tajganj area of ​​Agra and used fake certificates to prove that they were Indian citizens.
The Lt Governor said that tobacco and alcohol have affected children and youth and this problem will continue in the future, said officials.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr.Rev.Jyrwa looked back on the past and congratulated the management, staff and teachers of the school for their efforts in maintaining and honoring the students. rules and regulations of the university since its establishment.
The fine is calculated according to the time, size of the area, number of days of pollution (EC=PI x N x R x S x LF) and Rs 2 crores per million liters per We remember that the NGT has fined Rs.109 crore for the flow of water into the rivers of Shillong. Application No.192 of 2022 has been approved after the request of the Government.
Harwis C Dkhar urged the office bearers of the Pamrakmai Unit to follow the rules and regulations of the Kur, to maintain the dignity of the Kur, to live well in the village, in religion, in society. society, governance and to enjoy the human rights of every human being in order to develop equally from one generation to another.
She said that the residents and management of these schools have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District and the Chief Minister but they have not yet received any reply.
In other states, the Income Tax Department collects tax from the salaries of all those who work in government or private jobs.
On the other hand, on the deficit of salaries of teachers for three months, the Minister said that he is not aware of this but he will have to find out if there are reasons.
As the program progressed, the participants expected to contribute to the development of the environment for the purpose of providing drinking water in the future.
Without eyes you cannot move even one small part without the help of others.
According to police sources, a friend of Marak, who was present at the jail, tried to help him when he fell, but his friend could not. something.
Therefore, according to the witnesses of the floods in the area, it is time for the government to take immediate action, to avoid any accidents and tragedies.
During the inspection, Bah Nongsiej said that the members of the union have received information from the employees of the company that the company has not yet received a trading license or clearance from the District Council but has only received permission from the company. the owners of the land which is the land of the Kur Nongbri.
Unstoppable will be Jen's first film with Ben and Jen has also suggested and encouraged Ben to make 'Air'
The purpose of this award is to encourage the youth of Wapung Village to work hard in their education to succeed in life.
“If we are in government in Meghalaya, we will work with all the churches and the people without discrimination,” he said.
Surprisingly, he did not publish the article only in English, but his speeches were also written clearly in Garo, which he concluded with “pilakon mitela”.
However, we strongly request to release CUET from the schools in the State,” they said.
The USS Michigan, a US nuclear Ohio-class submarine, arrived in Busan on Tuesday for the first time in six years that the US will do so with support. South Korea in terms of protection.
According to the SP News Agency, the damage to the road has been reported from Wahumsohlait below Weiloi to Mawsynram, Phlangwanbroi, Trongpleng, Pomblang and Lad Balat.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, expressed his gratitude and blessing to the village of Sohkhwai after the government through the education department has implemented this special scheme. The village to build a new school building for the purpose of continuing the services to spread education in the area.
The robbers, who had not followed, shot them from behind and Sukhendu Das died on the spot.
Similarly, those who have not yet received Tika should display the words “NOT VACCINATED” in a prominent place along with their names and photographs, clearly indicating that all owners and employees of the shop/ workplace, when they have not yet issued Tika.
Wanshwa Shylla, Rilang Shylla, Arson Suting, Nicky Marai and Sumit Wahlang were among the members of the Executive Committee. Daman Gatphoh and others.
Therefore, it causes people to become addicted and will even misuse it.
“In fact, this PMGSY road has been cemented in the past few months,” said a statement from the village.
Careful work planning has achieved this.
Because of their strength, Tirot Singh could no longer fight against them but fled to hiding places in different parts.
He also urged the entrepreneurs to work hard and diligently and to improve their work to increase their income.
Jowai, November 29: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Civil Sub-Division today informed the public that the NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA rice for the month of November 2023 will be released soon.
“These measures are necessary to restore peace and harmony to the people in their villages,” he said.
The people of Meghalaya want all the ethnic parties to become one or to unite under one party and under one flag.
Shillong, Naitung 28: Three persons have been arrested on charges of helping the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) while distributing demand letters of the GNLA in Manchachar area.
In the past few months, the Assam police have raided the house of Shadalin Lyngdoh in Ri Bhoi.
“It is time for the government to open a university in the state to provide services to the students,” said KSU Education Cell Chairman Readyon S Nongrum and Secretary Pynshai. B Queen.
On the other hand, the taxi drivers also honored the drivers who have served them in the past years.
The Rangbah Shnongs of different villages also informed the SP that although the OC has done very well for the Pynrusla area, they said that there are other selfish people who have tried to dismiss them. They said that they have received accurate information about this and to remove him from Pynursla because he is a stumbling block to their demand.
Besides the evening market, there will also be an exhibition of handicrafts, an exhibition of paintings and also the unique talents of the villagers.
Shillong, November 14: The Special Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today approved the nomination of Bah J. Reenborn as the new MDC of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, nominated the MDC and after announcing his name, all the members of the House approved.
Therefore, the government has to convene a meeting of the consumers every time the price of goods rises, because it has little power to do anything.
In a petition submitted to the Minister, it was said that the Assam government has come to Meghalaya to hold the Rabha Assam Autonomous Council elections on the 16th of November. They participated in the event under the leadership of Rangbah Shnong.
It is also worth mentioning that even the Congress leaders have already predicted that if Dr. Pariong does not win this election , he will never win again also hesitates to get.
A 16-year-old boy, who is studying in Class-X, is one of the seven persons arrested for forming the new armed group, police said.
The incident happened on Sunday when the family alleged that the police forcibly entered the house and assaulted the family members without warning.
The PAC has sent its findings to the Legislative Assembly and has even ordered the government to withdraw the money released to the state legislature. The Secretary H.Mylliemngap has also sent a letter to the Ministry of Agriculture to demand the money immediately. she was released because she had nothing to do with the work.
According to the order to investigate the leaders of the Sengbhalang, it was also said that any person involved in causing trouble during the hours of protest by the Sengbhalang should be arrested.
No one can make peace between Israel because the way must be, because it is written.
Therefore, he suggested that when we are in despair we should not take only one path but we should create other ways and means to overcome such problems by asking for help from our families, from other people, from religious leaders or from doctors because if the mind is short, many people end up in danger of taking their own lives.
Application forms can be obtained from Wanri Enterprise Amlarem (near Thangbuli/Jarain stand).
“This larger building which we have received from the C&RD department with a larger office will be the preparation for something bigger, the Civil Sub-Division,” said Bah HM Shangpliang.
At the same time, he said that the evacuation of these people will be according to the permission of the natural forces as they have received information that many roads have been destroyed.
However, there are still many vaccinators who have not yet received the 2nd dose of the COVID-19 vaccine in East Jaintia Hills District.
CBN reporter David Brody wrote these brief interviews after talking to Sanders.
Union Foreign Minister RK Ranjan Singh inaugurated the North East Festival along with Chairman & Head of Ho Chi Minh Province, Government of Vietnam in the presence of the Ambassador of India to Vietnam. , the Consul General and other leaders from the North Eastern States.
He admonishes, encourages and teaches his fellow citizens in the path of righteousness, morality, honor, human dignity.
However, instead of this, the union suggests to the state government to focus on bringing in other urgently needed development projects in the district, such as improving the health centre, construction of roads to connect rural areas, Government Secondary, Higher Secondary School and Government College, District Auditorium cum Library, The NH-6 has been completed and to build a four lane road from Damsite to Malidor in East Jaintia Hills District and other urgent development works.
Thousands of spectators came to witness the final match to encourage their players and filled the seats at the Third Ground and also at the SSA Stadium. heat of the sun.
Only water from natural sources is natural water that can be free from chemicals.
His explanation is so clear that we can all understand it.
Therefore, we don't want it to end like this, but we want the work to continue until it is completed as planned.
Dignitaries who attended the opening ceremony included the President and General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh O. Pyngrope and Rgh Hainess Marbaniang. The SRGT was also attended by the President of Mawlai, Riad Laban and Pynthor, the office bearers of the Apphira Archery Committee and especially the Rangbiria who came from all over the country. bri and nineteenth century.
Suriti Kumari Ray smashed four fours for 18 runs but Meghalaya lost all wickets for 51 runs and ended the tournament.
Explaining about the government's intention to develop the pig farming industry in the state, Prestone Tyngsong said that the state government has already started to focus on the pig farming industry. There is a goal to improve the pig farming industry by establishing the Piggery Mission or the goal to improve the pig farming industry.
The President of the HYC Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh said that the Shnong has requested the Seng to help and the Seng gives its full support to the Dorbar Shnong. otherwise she would not have been able to reopen the factory.
Of course, there may be such things in the management of the work, otherwise it is impossible to correct any shortcomings or errors.
Initially, there was an attempt to shoot the Rangbah Shnong of the village, but the gun did not fire and at that time the Rangbah Shnong fled and shot another 10 bullets a second time. , but the bullet hit the 65-year-old woman.
It is learned that not only 10 constituencies have applied for tickets, but there are still many youths who have applied for tickets from other constituencies.
He said that if there is no party that can form a government alone, the NPP will be the only party to form a government with consensus.
W Passah Retd HOD Electronics St.Edmund’sCollege.
Evilin Challam scored 45 runs from 36 balls, Dangahi Suna 49 runs from 61 balls and Evergreen SC scored 182 runs from 35 overs for the loss of nine wickets. Wellmanson Passah took three wickets in 7 overs.
The installation of these CCTV cameras is part of the efforts to prevent the spread of garbage around the area which can also cause pollution.
Celebrities such as Morgan Freeman, Jungkook and others took part in the opening ceremony which sent a message of unity and solidarity among the countries of the world.
“Lydia what are you doing.
In the Shot-Putt, Tajinderpal Singh Toor won the Indian Open Throws Tournament with a throw of 19.95m. He has also exceeded the AFI's set distance for qualifying for the Asian Games.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 9 : The TMC candidate for the MLA election from Khliehriat constituency, Suni Bareh, has expressed many of these principles, which are the principles that he wants to work for the development of He said that he has chosen the TMC because it is a new party, which has no written record. and has not yet received any criticism.
Rahul Madane, Deputy Commissioner of Police (Zone II), said that three phone calls were received, two in the morning and one in the afternoon. They called Gadkari's office opposite the Orange City Hospital in Nagpur.
Tynsong said the victory of the candidates in the MDA government shows that the MDA government will continue to rule beyond
Balse Kharbani, General Secretary of FKJGP, South West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday said that the district has been able to resume the work of the FKJGP through the election of the circle. The newly formed 'FKJGP Rangblang Circle'
The government has planned to build a new city to accommodate up to 2 lakh people.
Nongpoh: The Dorbar Shnong Nongpoh Proper, on Saturday, has held a public cleanliness drive, which was attended by all the residents of the village, which is also part of the cleanliness drive. also to provide training to the residents of Nongpoh to make Nongpoh a clean and hygienic village.
The Government also needs to take action to have its own interpreters and other means as this will bring about a change in the lives of the deaf and enable them to contribute to society. society according to their ability.
Surprisingly, Babu Jeebon Roy has spent money from his own pocket in the last few years to run the school for the skills and education of the youth. many readers.
In a meeting with reporters, Shylla said the NPP has not discussed with him on the MP election and as of now he does not know what the NPP's view is on the election. MP.Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has commemorated the 24th death anniversary of Bah Bull Lyngdoh, former President of the KSU. the statue of the former leader.
Before the start of the match, a short meeting was held by the President of Jalapang Sport Club.
The purpose of the organization is to look after the problems of the people in the development of the area and especially the development and social development of the school children and teachers. student.
It is on these grounds that the Mylliemngap Kur clarifies to the public that there is no such person in the Kur and the Kur itself has no responsibility against this person who is a Mylliemngap.
The death toll in India has risen to 4,529 on Tuesday.
“If we look closely at this policy which was made 50 years ago, there are still many shortcomings and the time has come for the State Government to change the Reservation Policy of Meghalaya, for the benefit of the youth. The Jowai Fishing and Environmental Protection Association (JFEPA) has announced that it has allowed fishing in the Rampyrthai area of ​​the Myntdu River.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Blanding Warjri said that he joined the party after looking into the fact that only the Congress party has hope in the state. .
The discussion was to allow the villagers to pass through without being harassed by the traffic police.
According to sources, on Tuesday, more than 20 students belonging to the TISF sustained injuries after the state police used On this occasion, Pradyot Debbarma has expressed his strong condemnation against the police department of He also complained that the Governor has not been able to meet with the leaders of TIPRA and also the leaders of TISF to listen to the issue. the matter of demand they have.
Ramos, the defender, scored the first goal and Kylian Mbappe scored the second.
In the distant world there are many kinds of nations and many kinds of religions with their own religious beliefs, and their own national stories from the beginning.
She said that the responsibility lies mainly with the parents for such forced labor of children. of human rights and of children".
Earlier, a Mass Pass was held by the members of West and East Jaintia Hills, Dayooki Sumer gave a prayer and Rihokmika Sumer gave the welcome speech.
Seek the truth from God,” he said.
It is not that the BJP leaders in Delhi want to nominate MP candidates from the party in Shillong seat and Tura seat, but it is the BJP leaders in Meghalaya who want to nominate for hidden reasons which you understand. why do you want to be like that?
Hep didn't listen.
Nibiangmon Sutnga scored 32 runs (2×4 and 3×6), Daohi Passah scored 22 runs (5×4) and Timi Ryngkhlem of Khliehtyrshi Sports Club took three wickets in four overs.
Raising the issue of safety of the residents of the state, the Chief Minister said that all these figures were received through the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB).
On the other hand, the SP urged the public to refrain from spreading rumors that lead to unpleasant incidents.
Investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Love has its own meaning and for Stefan Cahill (25), he has one idea, to impress his girlfriend, Heidi (23).
Banteidor said Mukroh village is still under Meghalaya and falls under Shilliang Myntang District.
When the chalk was too short, the teachers brought a small stick to put the chalk on.
It may be said that most have never been found again, even when they are eager to be known and identified if found.
The inability to turn off the electricity supply even though the water in the dams that are supposed to generate electricity has increased, has caused concern to the Government due to the unstable situation. to generate electricity as the demand for electricity increases in the State.
Why don't the police arrest the same person?
A total of 116 cases were registered under the NDPS in 2022 and this has increased to 189 in 2023 and 13 cases have been registered in the last two months alone. u new year.
The club said Mohamed had been fined for refusing to play against Toulouse for personal reasons.
Pharaoh said, "Take your flocks and your herds as you have said, and go, and bless me." The Egyptians were afraid and said, "We have all fled.
Starwin said that the union has found that many of the buses do not recognize the ID issued by the Social Welfare Department.
The Minister of State said that she does not mean that the state or the people should be afraid that the virus will come again. as in those days and in the years which were before.
Because this land and these trees belong to the MTC – Jowai Depot, the union has informed in writing to the Depot Manager and informed about the condition of these trees. They have died and can be expected to fall into the middle of the road at any unexpected time which will cause tragic incidents to vehicles and pedestrians.
Dr War said that according to the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, those who are quarantined at home should stay alone, wear masks and sanitize.
“We don't understand why the government can't pay the salaries exactly when it has many ways to raise money from this department,” said Bah Rumnong.
He said that many of the constituencies have been destroyed because 1-Nartiang is one of the constituencies which has received many development works in the past years. This constituency will fight to come first in the state.
The landfill in Brahamapuram covers an area of ​​110 acres.
When some residents complained of difficulty in breathing and swelling in their eyes, the government officials in the area did not do anything but They are ordered to stay indoors and wear N-95 masks when going outside.
The purpose of the meeting was to hear the explanation from the party leaders regarding the preparations for the upcoming MLA elections in the coming months.
Shortly after the tweet, Arshad wrote that he had received clarification from the company and that he had resolved the matter.
In Ri Khasi there is also the Unitarian religion founded by Hajom Kissor Singh which teaches about the unity of the world, but it is still another small religion. a foundation that failed to reach its goal.
The Chief Secretary of the State, Bah Donald P. Wahlang, in his welcoming speech, said that the athletes are the ones who carry the hopes and dreams for the state.
On the other hand, the President of HFU Nongthliew Circle, Bah Khrawkupar Lawryniang, has visited two villages to confirm the units in Mawiong and Mawria.
Speaking on the occasion, Rani said that the Sengbhalang will also express to the government that they stand against the railway line.
With the help of Bah Paul Lyngdoh sitting MDC of Jaiaw, Dr Aman has gained the trust of the people of the area especially as he is a retired officer of DHS(MI). ).
Meanwhile, 99 cases are pending in the District Council Court in East Khasi Hills.
“I request the Indian Foreign Minister RK Ranjan and the Indian Ambassador to Thailand Suchitra Durai to take action to bring the Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand. to the North East of India so that we can further strengthen our relations".
