Shilong, November 12: One of the writers of the jaidbynriew, Bah S Shemborlang Rynjah, has published his second book entitled Ka. Saiñ Pyrtkhat Tang Jait has written a book on the customs and traditions of the ancestors in relation to the Tang Jait and says that in order for the future generations not to be misled about this custom, it is a strong question. do not be afraid of this court.
“Modi said that Bah Brian became interested in this job after reading several books and first tried this job in 1964 when he was a child. school.
“The Narpuh area has been neglected and treated badly by the government.
It was also witnessed that the spread of garbage especially plastic has been very high and has severely deteriorated the environment of Byrnihat area besides the large number of factories producing smoke and lyer bih. There is also a serious threat to the health of the residents of the village due to the excessive pollution.
“The government decided long ago to allow a private company to operate it.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 12: The retired President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Robertjune Kharjahrin on Saturday joined the political party by joining the United Democratic Party (UDP). He has no intention of contesting the Lok Sabha MP elections next year.
Although the match was tight before the end of the first half, both teams managed to match the style of play between them and India had the first chance to score. cold; Hardik Singh's attempt to tied the ball from the edge of the box was not equal after it was saved by the Belgian goalkeeper. Van Doren location.
Police have recovered 4.15 grams of heroin from a house in Ladrymbai Dongwah Pohktieh.
He said that these four licensees will encourage others to start such coal mining and the government encourages others to come forward and take the license. Everyone has to apply for a mining lease, they have to do a Geological Survey and get a mining policy and they will be able to start mining. .
The Congress will go to the polls without a single MLA to contest again from the party after 12 MLAs left to join the Trinamool Congress and three other MLAs. So far, out of the five MLAs suspended from the Congress, two have already joined the NPP while two others have joined the NPP. Vincent H. Pala has announced that he will contest the MLA election from Sutnga-Saipung Constituency.
“I personally feel that many academicians and principals have suggested that Mathematics should no longer be made an optional paper...now it is the Best of Five out of six subjects.
He also encouraged and encouraged that even if we are lacking in physical strength, there is no problem if we have the skills and abilities we can succeed even if we meet other ethnic groups who are physically strong.
W. Gassah, District Library, Jowai welcomed the guests.
However, at present, the names of these thousands of voters in both the states have not been disclosed.
She said there is no intention to abolish the JNNURM and the government should think carefully before doing so.
The entire Darrang Elaka has strongly opposed the project and urged the CEM not to issue NOC to MeECL. On the other hand, CEM Thombor Shiwat said that they will not take any decision in this regard. MeECL or the state government has not yet commented on the proposal to build the dam to generate electricity. After syllad.com brought the news on the written test for the The Principal of the college has explained that the written test will be divided into two parts.
The All Bodoland Students Union (ABSU) and NDFB leaders signed a tripartite memorandum of understanding in New Delhi today.
Perhaps my article will benefit some of you.
Leviticus 25:18 – Ye shall do my statutes, and keep mine ordinances, and do them; and ye shall dwell safely in the land.
The KSU in its inspection found that the bridge is in disrepair and it is no longer safe for the people to pass through the bridge by motor vehicles because the trees and clean lyntang on the bridge have been destroyed. decay.
Before the training, a short meeting was held which was conducted by the VO Leader of Puriang Village, K Hamtilang Mylliemngap.
Meanwhile, SBI Chief Executive Officer G Bijoy Kunar said that the problem is that many times after the implementation of the schemes, there are youths who are no longer able to take them and the inability of banks to provide money. because the schemes are inadequate.
Rimaya Manar is the General Secretary and other members.
We don't know whether those who shape the words and create the sound really mean what they say and urge the voters or whether they just consider it as a job and a way to make money in these times. now.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : The Joint Action Committee of 11 Villages including Nongrim Sadew, Mawkriah, Laitjem, Sadew, Marbaniang, Riatmawniew, Baniun, Pomlum, Mawrashe and Mawrashe has met with the Symbud, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Prestone Tynsong to inform that the residents of these areas have now had to pay electricity bill to Shillong although earlier they had to pay only at 6Mer known as Upper Shillong Distribution Sub-Division.
Even the school children, who marched on that day, carried placards with slogans that the people of the area, want a road, because the people have complained about the bad condition of the road. street.
God promises and fulfills, “I have spoken, and I will do it; I have purposed it, and I will do it" Isaiah 46:1
The HNYF Umsaswkhwan Unit confirmed these leaders in the presence of Bah Dalnes Pale, Secretary Shnong, Bah Wanshan Nongkseh, Secretary of the Village Youth Association, Kong M.Lakhiar, Secretary Shnong. She is the Secretary of the Women's Associations and other Village Leaders of Umsawkhwan.
Therefore, while the CAA 2019 states that Meghalaya has the Sixth Schedule, Paragraph 19 (1) (b) of the Sixth Schedule has been respected. ) and finally, that the name and honor of the Governor of Assam and the President of India who painstakingly and urgently (22-4-1952 to 3-5-1952) drafted Regulation No. 5 of 1952.
I personally don't think it is.
There are many shops selling food and agricultural products at this festival.
According to reports, the project was supposed to be completed within 12 months after the contract was awarded.
This order is issued to implement the Government's order dated July 4, 2021 and in accordance with Article 11 of the Order which empowers the Deputy Commissioners to look after the types of jobs to be released. The lockdown has been implemented to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
Nongpoh: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning C&RD Block Umsning, on Tuesday, said that the working methods in the office of the BDO Umsning Block, have been too slow. Block, they are not located within their headquarters in Umsning.
On the other hand, CEM Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that their visit to talk to the daju is to reach an understanding, not to act by force.
The National Cricket Academy (NCA) of the BCCI has selected seven women players from the Meghalaya Cricket Association to participate in the Senior Women North East Training Program to be held in Dimapur from next month.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today said that many Ministers and MLAs have received letters demanding money from the National League for Democracy (HNLC). just in the past few days.
The truck was damaged on the bridge at Mandanggre under Gasuapara block.
Dr. Bilnang K Sangma, Assistant Professor, Williamnagar Government College, said that Achik writers are now close to CIIL, Mysore and Sahitya Academy, New Delhi.
Saraswati Kuri was admitted to Nazareth Hospital on 4th November 2020 after suffering from fever, chills and shortness of breath; She also suffered from hypertension and died on 11th November 2020 from Covid pneumonia.
Due to the rapid increase and spread of drugs and alcohol in the State, the team will conduct this handball competition with public awareness so that all the participants, witnesses can get information on this. section.
The SP said he made the announcement in accordance with the powers conferred by Section 101 of the Meghalaya Police Act,
He also gave the example of the Raij Nartiang and the Raij Tuber which is different from other religions and urged them to strengthen the religious practices in their respective raijs.
After this, the government said that the protesters were from West Khasi Hills and that they were paid a price.
Mawryngkneng CC beat Mawlong CC by 8 wickets in the first innings for 93 runs.
Laishnong HS School beat Riwar COG Secondary School 2-1
After the second half, Lajong made some changes and continued to beat Gokulam and once again took the lead through a penalty. Renan Paulino De Souza scored the third goal of the match when Phrangki Buam scored the first goal of the match.
Sources said that there are about three candidates for the BJP ticket from Tura Parliamentary constituency alone.
On the part of Bah Ainam Manik Syiem, he praised the services of the school and donated T.
The Global Hunger Index (GHI) measures the loss and malnutrition of the world's population, in the region and in different countries of the world.
However, Bah Shanbor said, “Look, no one should know about this.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, the two religious leaders were in peace and received protection from the police before returning home. UCFNEI Spokesperson Allen Brooks said in a statement sent to the media.
Some of these places are one in Mawkynrew and one in Mawkliaw, Shella Constituency where the Congress leader in East Khasi Hills Prestone Tynsong who is also a Minister of State has sought the support of the people and He said that if they elect a candidate of the party, that candidate if he wins will be like a water pipe that will draw water from the well of the Secretariat and deliver it to the people of the constituency.
Verdict : The verdict is a word that is used to do exactly what is said; the end is the last that can no longer be encouraged or encouraged.
They also said that the office of the Chief Commissioner is only an office for officers to work and has no relationship with the people because the people have been dealt with by the office of the Commissioner.
In East Jaintia Hills, a storm has struck Saipung, damaging schools and houses.
Manisha Kalyan was named the best midfielder of the tournament for her performance in the tournament.
Only the Puwein clan owns the land in Mawpon.
In this Act, the Dolloi/Sirdir have no role and the Village Authorities have been fully empowered.
However, the family members of the Thieddieng village from the night of the 14th to the morning of the 15th have been searching for the driver of the vehicle and the missing persons. who shall not come home any more.
The question is, the border has been crossed by Assam and Shilong has lost its land, where will the nation go,” said Samla Lambokstarwell.
Shillong, Lber 27: The number of active cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya has decreased steadily with the number of recoveries day by day.
This is unfair against gymnastics in India and we have worked hard to perform well,” he said in a letter sent by Patra, alleging that it would be a betrayal of the gymnastics team. to represent India at the Asian Games.
In response, they said that the Rangbah Shnong of Nerbong Pyllun was aware of this but could not do anything, because these Nepalis had forced them.
He urged the residents to plant trees and take good care of them.
Earlier, Conrad said the government has sought the opinion of all the leaders who attended the meeting and all of them demanded immediate action against those involved in the shooting. seven persons and also to pay compensation to the families of the victims.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Chief Minister of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Thwelson Manik Syiem, has admitted that the ministers opposed to the Syiem of Mylliem, have left the Dorbar Pyllun held yesterday, and it is not true. that thou hast sent them away.
Manipur also won one gold and two bronze medals while Arunachal Pradesh won only one gold medal.
We are no longer in the times of the 69 weeks because they ended in 32AD. We are now in the times of a long period of grace that will end immediately, which has been going on for more than 2000 years.
The destruction of the forests happened in the past.
We have been giving from time to time but in the past few days they have demanded 1000 tyngka from each association and because they cannot pay they have stopped parking commercial vehicles in this area.
He recalled that the KSU and other political parties have already sent a letter demanding ILP to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Amit Shah and handed over the petition to Shah. to remind him of this requirement.
The introduction of Central Government schemes like the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana and the Swachh Bharat Mission will further benefit the households in the villages to have a home, to have clean drinking water. and the construction of toilets.
Police have also ordered that no complaint should be lodged immediately if there is any complaint against the drivers.
The clothes used by him to commit these robberies were seized from his residence, with the damage estimated at 10 lakh tyngka.
“What's wrong with you?” asked the mother.
“They are also members of the same gang which was arrested by the police on the 11th of January.
“The protest against MUDA in 2015 was just a drama because we know that Bah Ardent is a close friend of Mukul Sangma and we know that after the protest was just a drama between Dr Mukul and Bah Ardent.
It is necessary to say that the population of the world should be reduced, so that this will not put pressure on the food security of mankind.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU Laban Circle) has inspected one of the petrol pumps at Anjali, Rhino and found that the supply of petrol is not adequate.
"We hope that we can reach an agreement before there is another meeting with Amit Shah," Sangma said.
Japanese officials who arrived in Shillong included Maho Hakamata and Yosuke Nakada from the Japanese Embassy and Aoi Ishimaru and Keiko Yoshikawa from the Japan Foundation, New Delhi.
Jowai: Two BSF personnel at Nongkhen BOP have seized two cows from the border with unidentified persons.
“As a leader, we don't just criticize the shortcomings – but we suggest improvements, and we have to praise them when appropriate,” said Bah Nongrum in a statement.
The number of vehicles in Meghalaya especially in East Khasi Hills district has increased, and as a district with Shillong as the capital of the State, the number of commercial vehicles has also increased in the last few years.
Due to the lack of action on the FIR, the members of the village held a public meeting to petition the government to take immediate action to punish those involved in the misuse of the money.
Rev. Mawblei also quoted a letter from Rev. Jacob Tomlin, in which he said that the Khasi may be the sheep that have been scattered from the house of Israel.
US Secretary of State Antony Blinken will pay a second visit to Israel on Tuesday and then travel to Jordan to provide immediate assistance to Israel. the people, who are in the battlefields.
The union said that it is surprising that the law enforcement agencies have not been able to bring them under any legal provisions against those who commit these acts.
The meeting was conducted by Niwanka Shylla Project Coordinator Halfway Home Sabah Muswang and the opening speech was delivered by Dr. HH Mohrmen Secretary SURE. Hospital and Dr. Ebormitre Dann who took part in the regular inspection of the Halfway Home as well as Dr. Dann who donated the TV for the use of the house.
He said that after seeing this news which appeared again on 31.05.2022, the village council has resumed the meeting today.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh and other party leaders in Ri-Bhoi said that 2023 will be the year of the UDP party and without doubt the party will get many seats. to govern the state where they are currently preparing and strengthening the working methods to prepare for the 2023 elections.
Once again we are pleased to inform you that today 7th July 2021 we have completed our duty to take the second vaccination as per the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Because it is at such a time that the wind of election will start blowing in this state and it will be understood that the struggle will be between who is the National Party or the Seng Riewlum.
It is unacceptable that the three offices in Shillong, Tura and Imphal will cost only Rs 69.66 lakh, Gokhale said.
He said that there have been many farmers who have been deeply saddened by the damage caused by these Niangsaiddho pests, which has caused them to suffer and especially at such times. They waited to meet the needs of the household by selling the Ningryndia to the market.
“This Center has been funded by the Assam Rifles in collaboration with the Urban Affairs Department of the State Government.
Police have arrested two persons from Patna, Bihar, Rohit Raj Pandey, 22, and Bipul Kumar, 19, under the provisions of the Act. The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Because not only the loggers but many foreigners work in other types of jobs in the Hima Jirang.
The house belongs to Kong Jesinta Gayang and the deceased child is her granddaughter.
On the other hand, this reporter has learned that the registration process has now started in the rural areas like Pynursla Block where almost all the villages have done this and there are some who are still in doubt. .
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Police on Friday evening arrested the Manager of Marvelene's Inn in Rilbong, Shillong, Edmund Paul Kharir, 36, in connection with the case of a 14-year-old girl. The victim was arrested at the guest house owned by the son of HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Home Affairs Nathaniel O Rymbai.
It cannot be stingy like this and play with the future of our youth,” said Bah Brighstarwell.
Six Bangladeshi officials have arrived in Shillong to address their two-day meeting which will end tomorrow. Sheikh Abdul Ahad, Director General of Land Records and Survey, Government of Bangladesh, while PW Ingty, Additional Chief Secretary in charge of GAD, Mawlong, were also present.
Earlier, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, said that the Chairman of the KHADC will review the proceedings of the dorbar and submit a report to the KHADC. The Council has directed the Hima Mylliem to convene the Dorbar Pyllun before the end of June this year.
The functions of the center are to gather more detailed information on river water, water supply and water management measures and to provide advice for appropriate decision making.
Therefore, the Sengbhalang demands that the CEM and the Head of JHADC should please condemn this letter of the Chief Executive Member of KAAC and also take action to protect the land and boundaries of the Villages. and the Elaka under the JHADC without any discrimination.
“We expect all the 18 unions under the umbrella of our Federation to come and participate,” said Kenneth Swer. The public especially those who work day labor should come to listen and get advice on issues related to the rights of day laborers.
Twenty-five years is not a long time in such a task, and it is clear that without scientific and technological progress, it will be difficult to reach this status 'as a developed country'
They used to post pictures of young girls and show them the gifts they had sent to them and then they used to phone those people they cheated. and instruct them to deposit money.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, Conrad Sangma has ordered the state police to conduct an inquiry into the incident.
Karnataka will tie again on Sunday and are now 130/1
It includes 29 villages and has brought in 67 Rongs or Rots, more than any other Sein Raij.
We always say it’s good if you know how to use it.
The tournament will also witness the influx of spectators from four cities like Kolkata, Guwahati, Shillong and Kokrajhar.
The teachers who received the State Award include V.Dipali Sharma Rao, Principal, Laban Assamese Girls' Higher Secondary School, Belinda Kharsati, Head Teacher, Pomlahier LP School, Babu Sisingh Ryntong, Asst.Teacher, New Nongstoin 'B' Govt.
Brolding Nongsiej, UDP candidate from Mawthadraishan constituency who is also a minister in the Meghalaya government, is one of the accused.
He urged the participants to work hard and diligently to improve their work to improve income in the District and the country as a whole.
The meeting was chaired by Bro.
Speeches were also delivered by the Director of Soil and Water Conservation, Kong I Rynjah, the Secretary of the Village, Bah Arju Dkhar and the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Everet Thangkhiew.
Jowai, Jymmang 25 : The last election campaign of Sniawbhalang Dhar, the NPP candidate from 1-Nartiang Constituency, ended on Saturday at Wahiajer village, West Jaintia Hills. The attendance of more than 25,000 supporters.
That is why Adolf Hitler, who was a German soldier as a corporal in the army in 1914, was killed.
According to a statement, on the 21st, these children went to Golflink to play football and after playing football; Half of the children have gone home while others continue to sit in the area to drink alcohol.
Shillong, July 14: Employees of Mawmluh Cement Employees Union (MCCEU) on Tuesday marched to Shillong to hold an unlimited strike. days before the Head Office to ask the Government to pay the monthly salary.
“The collaboration between TAFE and Akshay Kumar for Massey Ferguson tractors will bring us closer to the people especially in this journey of this tractor manufacturer in India.
“He must apologize within 10 days or we will warn him,” the NKU warned Singh.
Of these, 65 others were injured in the shooting, including Cachar District Superintendent of Police Nimbalkar Vaibhav Chandrakant and Dhollai Officer in Charge.
Meghalaya is the poorest state in India with a GRDI score of 79.8, while Chandigarh has only one. 19.1 and this shows that the livelihood of the people in the state is high, well-off.
Diesel and petrol from the vehicles have reached the water.
There were four people on board the boat while two of them survived.
In this election, the NDPP and the BJP have continued their alliance.
Born on October 27, 1958, Marak came from a poor family.
He said that the former Rangbah Shnong, although his term of office has expired, has continued to serve the village, because of the Covid-19 pandemic. On the other hand, the Syiem of Bhowal Hima has appointed an acting Rangbah Shnong.
“We have received 36,362 phone calls so far of which 477 cases have been registered, 158 cases are pending and 304 cases have been concluded,” said Social Welfare Minister Bah Paul. Lyngdoh while responding to a question on the statistics in Meghalaya that 58% of the cases of violence and rape are against women.
Kimfa S.Marbaniang said that the criticism against him after joining the NPP has been severe.
The state is now on the verge of electing new leaders and the new government is not known whether other governments will follow suit or not. they shall follow up as promised from time to time.
John Cliff Shabong scored 22 runs from 23 balls and Shimonto Hajong took four wickets for 17 runs in 3.5 overs for Hurldles CC. They scored 114 runs for the loss of three wickets in 17 overs.
Shillong: A group of Khasi & Jaintia traders and farmers led by Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar today met with the CEM of Mawhati District Council, Titostarwell. Chyne to speak on the payment of the Transit Pass fee of the District Council for agricultural products, which the state government has already recognized as agricultural products.
If this is done, perhaps the people will not be able to do anything because all the eyes of the shopkeepers are like cctv cameras.
Shillong, Nailar 16: Meghalaya, along with the rest of the country, celebrated its 69th Independence Day on Saturday, 15th Nailar, 2015 at Polo Ground, Shillong.
This happened on Tuesday morning at 11 pm.
Shylla said that on his part, he stands firm that he will not allow the mining of uranium.
When asked by reporters, Conrad said the Government has no intention of building a new airport.
He said that the state government will take special measures to empower the battalions of the state police so that they can fulfill their duties related to the peace and order of the state. state.
These cases were found to have occurred in the months of November, March and November this year.
The government should not be afraid to discuss this issue.
She said that the reason why she didn't get into the top 20 was because she didn't have enough marks in Mathematics.
The UDA has 16 MDCs while the United Democratic Front (UDF) led by Bah Latiplang Kharkongor as CEM has only 13 MDCs. He said that her support for the UDA is on the grounds that the UDF no longer has a majority and after all the work in the Council has been suspended and many people have complained about the non-functioning of the Council. “Even though the UDF has sent my name as Deputy CEM, when I support the UDA there is nothing behind it and I have not demanded anything for the benefit. “It's a good idea to support the UDA to form an EC so that it can continue to serve the people,” he said. by Mrs. Grace.
Kropha said he had not received any complaint against him, but said the Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) should be implemented in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court.
One interesting English word is CREATIVE, which means to do something using knowledge and skills – clothes.
Recently, India has reached the 100th position after five years.
The Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, said that the Government will not be able to implement all the demands of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC).
The program was a special award ceremony for four men who have worked hard and shown their bravery in helping the police.
He said that some Khasi were shot dead in the area, where it was alleged that the forest department personnel incited the people of the area to touch the Khasi, who had in this place.
“I am a cook who is more concerned about providing healthy food because here health is important,” he said.
The main task of the Committee is to investigate the backlog of cases related to rape of women and children especially those under the age of 18 years.
Nongpoh: U Dr. Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition in the State Government, today visited Mawiong and Maikhuli villages, which are the villages where the people are most opposed to the government. Many of these villages have been annexed to Assam and this happened only after the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam.
Lalengmawia said Saitual district, which borders Manipur, has the highest number of refugees (827), followed by Kolasib. District (757 people).
(Indigenous Tribal of Meghalaya).
Media reports said heavy gunfire broke out at the area where the two militants were staying, near the airport and also at the shop, east of Paris.
In the tied, Jayshree scored 17 runs and Ankita 18 runs and managed to score 43 runs before losing three wickets.
The Minister also met with the doctors at the Cancer Wing of the Civil Hospital and inspected the offices of the hospital.
President.
Thousands of fish in various rivers of the Amazon have also died due to water pollution and lack of oxygen to breathe.
The group would also like to thank the Assembly Institute of Music, Shillong which has also been the school of the group.
Therefore, the sorrow came when the Queen of the Wahduid ruled and flowed down the mountain.
On the same day at 5 pm, another meeting was held in the presence of the MLA of the area, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Chief Advisor to the Government of Meghalaya, Additional Home Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya. IG Law & Order (Meghalaya Police), IG Border and IG BSF Meghalaya to discuss the incident.
The road from the Main Gate of Shrimanta Sankardev Cultural Center Bishnupur to the outside of Shimanta Sankardev College has been named Sankardeva.
The meeting will decide how to fight against the suffering of the victims for more than 50 years, said a statement from Samla Jerry Suting, President and Joyce Lypon, General Secretary, All. Jaintia MDM Workers Union, (CEC) Jowai.
The polling day will be held on the 14th of this month.
However, it also states that two of them should be the national languages ​​of India.
Three electric polls near the houses were also found to have collapsed on the ground.
He hopes that with their cooperation and support he will be able to do better and especially to win again in the upcoming elections.
The LO and Opposition Chief Whip of the Congress MLAs and the cooperation of the Congress and NPP MDCs in the KHADC have resulted from this agreement.
The accident happened at 1:50 pm this morning, when the tourist taxi was on its way to Shillong from Guwahati, but when it reached Shillong, A clinker truck (AP-16-TH-1393) was heading towards Guwahati when it collided with another truck.
“About T.160 crore in uncounted cash and 100 kilograms of gold and other valuables have been recovered so far.
Pyndengsohsaw President – ​​Mr Borbingstar Kharwar General Secy – Risingstar Sohmatk, Phlangwanbroi President – ​​Mr Slipshon Dkhar General Secy – Miss Phinriskhem pdahkasiej, Kenbah Malai President – ​​Mr Khelor Wahlang, General S ecy – Morningstar Iawrod, Mawlangterbna – Kysing General Disiar As President , Jyllep President-Tlanding K Dewsaw, General Secy -Shri Splitly Larting, Mawkaphan President- Giborsing Kynter, General Secy – Pyrkharlang Dewsaw, Mawtepiew President-Bording Dkhar, General Secy -Starwin Ramsiej.
It was the first time Inter Miami have failed to score since Lionel Messi joined the team as they played without a goal against Nashville.
“We request the teachers and supervisors to cooperate with the day laborers in the payment of salaries,” she said.
The residents said this is the third power outage in a year.
“We have completed degrees from DIET, D.El.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the tenders for the project at Madan Laban-Lumparing-Lum Shyllong will be released from June this year. The work will start from November this year.
Senior NPP MDC Jansing Tynsong said he wants the District Council to complete the drafting of the laws of the various Hima so that the rule of law will be strengthened. He said he also wants to empower the Village Authorities through the District Council Acts.
(b) Magnesium which helps the parathyroid glands to produce the hormones needed for the bones to function properly.
The JSU War Circle has also requested the people who come to Umngot River not to park their vehicles on the side of the road from Dawki Bridge to Umsyiem Road and the fishermen should park their vehicles at the village. Umsyiem or to other places to avoid the heavy traffic jam in this area as this parking on the road will also cause problems to the residents of Dawki or War Jaintia.
S.A.KurbahThe land of Hynniewtrep has been covered with forests from 1981 to
Participants will have to register and there will be an Audition Round from 2nd to 16th June
Finally, the MDA-2 government under the leadership of the NPP has had to respond to the voice of the people to review the State Reservation Policy under the initiatives of the VPP. in what way it will be renewed or changed cannot be explained yet.
When inquired, Bah Fantin said that such an incident has never happened before in their house and this is the first time that such a stone throwing has happened. .
The opening ceremony was attended by Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, Vice President of FKJGP and former President of FKJGP. He was appointed as the Working President of the NPP Mylliem Block.
On the 19th of this month, Namphyrnai Lyngdoh Peinlang, 21, of Peinlang village, was arrested from Mairang and brought to Shillong on Tuesday.
Umpung won one gold, two silver and bronze medals.
Mizoram police handed over the body to Cachar District Police on Monday night and the driver was taken away.
However, as of now, the equipment for the treatment of the sick and even the beds are not enough.
Shouldn't we allow the Government or the authorities to force or explain how we should love or whom we should love? And in the name of love we will stand together and fight for the oppressed-“If you haven’t spoken the truth, you don’t know what love sounds like,If you haven’t found love, you haven’t found u God, where is all your love? Where is all your truth?” (Olivia Whitener) Amen.
When the colon and the shini are thrown into the stomach of the animal, the water that used to be in them is brought out of the tor and the skin.
Explaining, the MLA from Umroi said that the license was issued to these three persons in accordance with the Meghalaya Regulation Gaming Law of It speaks in three parts, namely to introduce the physical location or places to be recognized as 'Khalai' or casinos and which states that the government can issue licenses to anyone. people who want and can set up 'Khalai' camps.
He did not foresee his vision of our character and intelligence and followed that of others especially that of the Western countries which brought about a change in the way of thinking and way of life of the Khasi. .
Speaking to media, the prime minister expressed his intention to set up a committee to maintain equality and inclusion.
The police statement said that this opportunity was taken after they saw that many Garo youths especially from Mandalgre, Bandigre, Amphangre, Adokgre and other backward areas in the foothills of Durama, they have no knowledge of the police appointment, as no one has informed them.
Due to the lockdown, the staff of Childline have celebrated this day against child labor only among those who work to send a message to the entire community to fight against child labor.
The investigation revealed that they did not have any documents to prove that they had already done the Covid test from the entry point at Byrnihat except for the transfer certificate. soldier.
He urged the students to take advantage of this opportunity to get to know others and themselves by taking part in such a programme.
I look forward to seeing the implementation of this Bill and unfortunately there will be some men who will have to give the job to women and this will be the best thing to do for the country as a whole" Shillong, Nailur 19: The State Government has received T.135.08 crore from the Central Government since the implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Khanij Kshetra Kalyan Yojana (PMKKKY) so far, said the State Government. Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma in a statement in the Legislative Assembly today.
Earlier, Sohan D Shira had vowed to arrest the arrested members of the party and announced that he had set up an Eraser unit to arrest them.
Jowai: The Congress party has expanded its office in Sanshnong constituency including Lumshyrmit, Chamcham and Mutong. , Mukhaialong and Pynthorsale which is also known as the San Shnong Congress Circle Committee.
Gokhale said it is clear that the NPP is hiding all the facts about its assets and has misled the ECI. The ECI has reported to the ECI on its expenditure during the MLA election 2018 in the state. In fact, the expenditure should be sent to the ECI within 75 days from the end of the election.
Replying to Kohli's remarks, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, slammed Kohli by saying that he has spoken without knowing the beginning and the end.
The game in the first half ended 1-0
Three other passengers were injured and taken to Civil Hospital, Nongpoh and later shifted to NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
“This action of the Acting Syiem is illegal and against the customs and traditions of the Executive Dorbar of the Hima,” said the four Lyngdohs in a complaint to the KHADC. In 2019, these Lyngdohs lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills and in this complaint it was alleged that the Acting Syiem was involved in the illegal collection of money as tax of the Hima. on the 17th of July at Mawkneng.
"The names of the players who will represent Meghalaya are Dianchidora N. Sangma, Dubleen D. Nengnong, Indariakor Kharwanniang, Fennysha Nongrum, Ankita Sharma, Kambesa Agitok, Abiezer Kharsyiem, Janicka R. Marak, Monica Singh, Emisakani Warjri, Rikmanchi M.Sangma, Jayshree Singh, Awesa G Momin, Jaylynn R.Marak, Natasha Rabha.
In his speech, he said that the BLOs have tried their best to visit the villages and homes of the voters to explain to them about the voting and how to vote especially those who are still new.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) has strongly condemned the statement by the MP of Meghalaya, Vicent H Pala, that Meghalaya will have to choose between the ILP and the 6th Schedule. and also the statement that if the ILP is implemented, the 6th Schedule will disappear.
Rani said that according to the report he has received from the Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL) on the scheme, people do not need to pay money for the scheme.
The Government's introduction of buses to and from schools has not reduced the traffic jam as many parents do not want to send their children by these buses. They were approved by the Government because they still wanted to improve and raise children.
Those who do not read his life history carefully claim that he was a missionary who became a merchant.
In order to avoid misguidance in the future, it was therefore up to the Hima Nongkhlaw, which is the owner, and then the Hima Khasi and even the Sengbhalang, to take up the issue of celebrating the day. Tirot Singh, in another way and issue and it would be very good, if the District Council, or the Dorbar of Chiefs would elect each issue every year.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday left for Manipur to visit the Khasi residents of Khadengar Khasi village in Tamenglong district. The Bengali community living in Jiribam District has received information about the land grabbing.
The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and Nongkrem MLA, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on Tuesday said that the VPP will nominate MDC candidates from all 29 constituencies. for the KHADC elections and also for the MP elections to be held next year.
"Along with expressing his condolences to the families and loved ones of all those who died in these atrocities, Bah Barnabas said that all the Catholic Christians have prayed for the speedy recovery of all those injured.
These days, China does not own the entire Galwan area, and New Delhi has denied China's ownership.
Conrad said the Government has already held meetings with several groups to implement the railway line only for freight trains to Byrnihat for the benefit of the State.
Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati Constituency, has praised the MLA Nongpoh Constituency for his hard work in achieving the goals of the people. He said that the lack of roads in these villages in the area has caused a lot of trouble to the people living in the area.
In another incident, Rony Saha lodged a complaint that on 24th June, he found that his motorcycle (ML-08J-9172) had gone missing from Bangsidua, Phulbari.
Nongpoh, Lber 24: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District today, after the Executive Committee held at Umsning, today decided to strongly oppose the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code. The 60 MLAs of the state should also oppose the central government's plan to implement the Uniform Civil Code in all parts of India.
He said that the Association wants to know the reason for the collection of this tax from all the trucks passing through this road from Assam to Meghalaya every day.
Therefore, as a sign of commemoration, the Youth Assembly in collaboration with the Church as a whole has organized a special celebration which started on Sunday and ended with various programmes. and ended today with a special service for 10 days led by the youth service.
He said the Meghalaya government should take the same decision as it took on behalf of the Achik National Volunteers Council (ANVC) regarding the peace talks earlier.
“Any need for funds should be sent to the government and some have sent me and I will look into discussing with the government finance department, where we will be able to provide additional funds to DoNER to provide to the government. The NEC so that they can implement the works in road construction, digital India and other programs of the central government,” he added.
At the time of writing, the polling is ongoing at 20 polling stations, said FR Kharkongngor, Chief Electoral Officer, Meghalaya.
Therefore, on this issue, the people urge the MLA Bah RG Momin to take action on this issue, so that the traffic of the people will be smooth and the income will increase.
In the final of the women's category, Wapung Block beat Saipung Block 1-0 with Larisha Lyngdoh scoring the winning goal. home team in the 37th minute of the second half.
Although the PDF has not yet announced its candidate from Mairang Constituency, it is understood that Councilor Wahlang may contest the MLA election from the PDF from Mairang Constituency.
Even the UDP has nominated candidates and has members in Garo Hills, how many more national parties like the Congress and TMC have supported this demand? the right to elect leaders belongs to the MLAs of any party.
Dr Robert R Marak, District Officer for Measles and Rubella Campaign, said, “Therefore, we strongly urge all the parents of those children who have not yet received the measles vaccine to do so so that to protect against measles and rubella.
Therefore, as the Seng, we are deeply saddened to lose such a Rangphawar who used to speak the truth for the sake of the people of Laiphew Syiem Khad Ar Daloi.
From the very beginning, young men and women from all over the villages in the district, have flocked to the square to seek information and assistance, how they can stand on their own feet for the sake of improving their income. your court is theirs.
Verma said the SP is a fraudulent party and will soon be abolished by the Congress.
The buses will stop at all places and will run around Shillong from 9:30 pm.
The DC's announcement clearly states that the police stations are incompetent and unable to protect the people who pay their salaries.
“It is up to the party leaders to decide (whether I will contest or not).
I will remove the AGP from your heart.
It is also prohibited for any group to hold any protest within 100m from the boundary of the DC Office and to carry any weapons.
"Over the past few months, investigation teams have conducted raids against terrorists and terrorists' aides.
“I don't accuse them of being members of any party but these people who create trouble are riewrunar and the government will not allow such people, because if this happens man I don't know what will happen to the development of the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Fr Norbert paid tribute to the church for preparing this program and told of his childhood days through the songs he used to sing when he was young. young.
Daniel 9:24-27.
After the approval, the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Puramon Kynjing, has decided to accept the Myntdu Village according to the rules of procedure of the JHADC. Council does not do what is necessary.
The SRT has conducted a search operation after receiving a letter from an unnamed person claiming that these guns were broken in Wah Umkhrah. 19, 3 people have died, bringing the death toll to 1281 in the state on Monday.
He said that the incident in Mukroh is not in the border areas but due to the lack of responsibility of the state government to protect the people in the border areas.
Recently, the Textiles Department, Government of Meghalaya, in collaboration with NEHHDC, They have launched a pilot project on “Introduction of Digital Silk in Handloom” at Umden – DiwonEri Silk.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival will be held in Ri-Bhoi District and the venue will be announced later. .
“We know that in the past years, the Congress has faced a turnover of its leaders but when one leader leaves 10 others want to join the party, so there is you're hopeful," he said.
PFR Academy goalkeeper Lamangkynsai Kharbuli has been selected for the U-15 squad of Hyderabad FC from a trial held recently. last month.
Nongstoin, Nailar 14: “The Thupthup Valley is a name that has been given since ancient times. This is because the valley has two levels, one higher and the other lower.
At the same time, he said that these buses will be handed over to private operators as in the past but this time, it will not be light but the government will put the management of their maintenance and construction shall be adequate to avoid their widespread deterioration.
Whether or not it affects the economy, we understand that the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia do not live in the economy themselves and if we count in general, perhaps except for the farmers, the contractors, so those who live. Therefore, if the Governor says that the ILP will affect the ILP, it shows that it will affect these 15 percent.
Furthermore, the crowd rushed to the public hearing ground and the police also tried to stop them by using tear gas and sympat lathi regardless of whether they were that longkmie or child.
He said the people should understand that in Meghalaya there is a Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), they will get a lot of money, this idea is just a misunderstanding.
Nonglang said that as the leader of the first organization in Langpih area which has been recognized by the government, he hopes that if the border settlement with Assam is successful, for the sake of the safety of the residents.
When they pray, they do not pray for others, but for their own group.
Training: Treating sewage and wastewater from toilets is a technical job and to train those in charge of this job, a lot of trainers are needed.
The MPTYC President's remarks came after reports that four MLAs of the All India Trinamool Congress, Meghalaya, HM Shangpliang and Shitlang have decided to leave the party. Pale, Jimmy Sangma and Marthon Sangma after joining AITC in 2021 under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma.
This is the first time that Israel has been visited by the government of Naftali Bennett, who stepped down from Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday.
The Secretary also informed that the MHRC has also sought a report from the government regarding the reports regarding the eviction of a woman from Lumlakhiat, West Jaintia Hills on suspicion of 'witchcraft.
According to police sources, the drugs were seized from a truck number HR 38 T 2913 which was heading from Manipur to Guwahati. Police have also arrested two suspects identified as Ashok Kumar from Haryana and Bhupendra Singh from Uttarakhand. Investigation to find out more about the people involved in this case.
The UDP has submitted these recommendations to the Minister of State, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Chairperson of the Committee on Roster and Reservation Policy.
The seeds should be planted at a distance of 5 inches from each other, if the seeds are planted when they are 6 months old; however, the seeds are planted at a distance of 10 inches from each other and if they are planted when they are two years old.
Sohan D Shira, commander of the GNLA, said that the GNLA is not against the Constitution of India, but the demand of the GNLA is a full state for that Garo.
The Shillong Press Club expresses its deep sorrow and grief over the passing away of Bah Khraw Kharkongor, a friend who has worked with us in the field of journalism for many years.
The state has about 12,000 acres of land.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing to arrest others involved in the blast.
There, too, there are up to 20 cases of the disease and these include family members and those who went to complete the funeral.
On 18th November 2023, Bah Bindo M Lanong has decided to give his full support to the team led by Bah Pyniaid in the KHADC and on the following day, Bah Malniang he gave his support to this group in the Council.
Explaining about the presence of orpait signs in the building, Bah B Tariang Senior Consultant, (Civil Work), RUSA project said that the building is safe and has been built in such a way to avoid accidents. The buildings have been constructed and separated into 3 parts so that if an earthquake occurs, the entire building will not be affected.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 92021 out of which 88644 have recovered and 1538 have died.
Venkatesh Tiwari, Director – Middle Mile Operations, Amazon India, said, “Our truck drivers are the drivers and facilitators of the company's operations and the drivers have worked together to implement the programs to provide training on how to be safe when driving vehicles and also provide knowledge on safety when using equipment.
The order urged everyone to follow the guidelines of the state health department regarding social distancing.
The suspect was identified as Dawanbiang Langstang,
On this occasion, the KSU leaders together with the NEHUSU leaders also waited at the office of the Controller Examination to meet him to discuss the results of the students.
Therefore, as the Seng Samla of Sohbar Elaka, we request the higher authorities of the government to take action and take measures in this regard.
They were arrested on the 7th of this month from a place in Umshru area, on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, while they were transporting the Hati to another place.
Lydia's mother didn't say anything, while Lydia's father now understood that he had met Pyrsa.
In terms of exports, the company has increased by 26% and in July 2014 it has sold 34,103 units but now by July 2015 it has increased to 34,103 units. 43,025 units.
Earlier, the Director General of Police, LR Bishnoi said that the police are working with the villages to fight against drugs.
They have warned the central government to intensify their protests if it passes the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill.
The meeting discussed the problems faced by the people of Ri-Bhoi and later it was decided to demand that the construction of the Gs Road should be increased. One in Byrnihat, three in Nongpoh, one in Umnget, one in Umran Diary and one in Sohbhala Nongthymmai each.
The Ministry has found that in recent times, some satellite TV channels have broadcast programs and events in an inaccurate, misleading, reinforcing manner and in which inappropriate words, which have affected the feelings and morals, which are unclean, which condemn people and which incite bloodshed between different nations.
East Jaintia Hills District Police have arrested a suspect in connection with the murder of (L) Lita Ryngkhlem, a woman from Wapung Shnong, who has been missing since 25th November
We all want change but that change will only happen if we are the wise ones to choose a leader.
Biden also praised the hard work of the two countries to bring peace and strengthen relations between the two countries in the coming days.
There are also two valleys, the Porla Valley and the Porsuhbuit Valley.
Narwan Shnong in the past 7 months since September 2020 has not been able to elect a full time Waheh Shnong and the acting Waheh Shnong has been appointed by Lamsuk, who is also the Waheh Shnong. ancient.
Police of West Jaintia Hills District have seized 422.15 kilos of heroin and arrested three persons from a truck at Phramer.
Shillong: The Mawlai Syllaikariah Dorbar Shnong on Thursday came out in order to take part in the polling, after the village leaders withdrew their decision not to take part.
The members of the committee led by Bah Bindo M Lanong, MDC, before handing over the Bill, said that after the Bill was passed in the KHADC Dorbar on The Governor, however, returned it with his suggestions and after the present EC handed over to the Advisory Committee, meetings were held for about a year to finalize all the provisions of the Bill.
The group submitted a letter to the Governor proving that Christianity has been a part of life in India for 2000 years, and since then Christian organizations and individuals have contributed. – in the field of literacy, health, the development of the backward races and groups and in the development of the country.
These candidates include six from Chattisgarh, six from Karnataka, 16 from Kerala, one from Lakshwadep, one from Nagaland, one from Sikkim, one from Tripura and four from Telangana.
The Ministry of Education has also written to the University Grant Commission (UGC) on the 15th of this month to extend the CUET for another year until -2024.
Explaining about the incident on the 19th, they said that on that day it was Bah Goldenstar Khongwar, who first touched the hand of the Rangbah Shnong and after that the people who saw the incident, They gathered together to help the Rangbah Shnong and to drive away all these people who had come to accompany Bah Khongwar.
However, even after the CEM ordered to issue licenses, others who trade without licenses have continued to violate the order.
On the other hand, the Congress party, which has the current MP, has seen that four candidates have applied for ticket from the party. The final decision has to be sent to the AICC in Delhi.
Did these policemen flee because they were afraid of death and lack of people or because they did not receive orders from the authorities to bomb and shoot the Karbi who tried to kill the police and the people at the border?
The vaccination of children is part of the Universal Immunization Program of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to prevent pneumococcal pneumonia and meningitis.
The Orientation Program was conducted for the specially trained doctors of the State with the aim of explaining to them the role and objectives of the Medical College and Hospital especially for those who train.
Three other deaths were reported from West Garo Hills, South West Garo Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
The JHTOA has approved and accepted the price of T.7/- per metric tonne per kilometer after many discussions between the factories and the government. road to protest.
He died in prison in Dhaka on 17th November
Therefore, the union has demanded from the PWD department, Nongpoh Division to immediately repair the road, which the union has given time to repair within 10 months from today.
He said the names sent to the government did not include his name, as he had been rejected.
Many youths were arrested and many civilians, both men and women, were injured in the protest.
If the leaders do not reach the people, they do not even know that there are such programmes, they should be promoted.
On the other hand, the Union Home Minister has promised to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya that he will send a letter after the MLA elections in the Delhi Union Territory.
Shillong, Lber, 03: The office of Meda Infrastructures Private Limited (MEDA) in Laitumkhrah has been set on fire by unidentified robbers on Thursday night.
The Eucharist should affect the lives of each of us and we should live in the days of God to be children of light.
These countries include Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Russia, South Arabia, South Africa, the United Kingdom, Turkey, the United States, and the European Union.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya State Unit (AIM) today held a Community Candle Light Vigil at Khyndailad as a sign of condolences to the two children who were raped. their father, in the village of Nongrah.
The demand was sent by email on 7th June 2020, as the speed post is not running these days, said Abhay Sahai, Aaliya's lawyer.
But, even though it’s a parable, feel like it’s not a parable because there’s nothing hidden in it.
Speaking on the occasion, the CEM of KHADC said that the election of the MDC by the KHADC is in accordance with the provisions of the AD Rules.
Shillong, Lber 24 : The Uniform Civil Code (UCC) Bill, 2022 has been introduced in the Rajya Sabha as a Private Member's Bill or a personal Bill. Replying to a question by VPP Mawryngkneng MLA Heavingstone Kharpran in the House, Conrad said, “This Bill is not introduced by the Government of India”.
Furthermore, blood cannot be made in factories and no one else can make blood but it is obtained only from people who are willing to donate blood.
The science textbooks that the MBOSE has planned to change earlier include Physics, Chemistry, Biology from textbooks and practicals.
Sawsymper, Nailar, 21: As a sign of encouragement and encouragement to the Governing Board of JJM Nichols Roy College, Pongkung, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples of Sawsymper Circle has donated to the Governing Board of JJM Nichols Roy College, Pongkung. to encourage the Governing Board and the students who come to study at this college.
He said that the government is ready to strengthen the internet by submarine cable to the Block and this will speed up the job creation and open up opportunities for the youth to get jobs online to the places. rural areas through technological knowledge.
The AIFF has fined Kerala Blasters Rs 4 crore after the team left the match against Bengaluru FC on 3rd October.
Investigation revealed that the kidnapper was a drug dealer and had just sold a box of soap containing drugs to the kidnappers and then they kidnapped him.
T.50 lakh has been allocated to Fullstar Rani for the construction of a dam at Lailad and T.30 lakh has been allocated to Kitborlang Nongphlang for the construction of the KHADC office in Nongpoh.
“Now the Congress and the TMC are stirring up trouble, and it seems that it is impossible to talk anymore.
East Shillong MLA Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh accompanied by MDC Fantin J. Lakadong on Thursday left for Laitumkhrah Police Station to talk to police about the burning of a vehicle. which was held at this place on the night of the 7th of this month.
Friends United XI scored 268 runs for the loss of 9 wickets in 33.4 overs for the loss of 156 runs. Farmer.
June Shylla scored the goals for Mookaswan Dongnein (50' & 54').
They stressed that the time has come for the government to improve the employment system in the state, in order to avoid any problems especially for the youth seeking jobs in these days, because many “It's the youngsters who have to stay without jobs after completing their studies,” they said.
“As the party, we are sad to see that the members who work hard to ensure the entry and exit of foreigners, are summoned by the police,” said Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni.
He said that there is an urgent need to implement this project as there has been no incident in Umsning where there has been an earthquake and the construction of illegal houses in the Sohra area.
In the past few months, the farmers have expressed their dissatisfaction that they do not get any more fertilizers such as urea and alleged that the government has treated them unfairly.
Three youngsters under the age of 18 were selected from each country and in India, Halen Nongtdu and two national team players, Sai Sankhe and Aveka Singh, were selected.
Meanwhile, the East Khasi Hills District Police Department through the Superintendent of Police (City), Bah Vivek Syiem, has warned that any vehicles that pass through the Umïam Bridge will be punished according to the rules. rules of the law.
Hynniewtrep women have been raising the clan of their mothers and grandmothers from the very beginning.
In these years, it is not common to hear that plants are being destroyed by animals but by nature.
Shillong, was in a raw drought yesterday, with the humidity of the soil being only 45 percent in the morning and 25 percent in the evening.
When asked how many leaders will join the BJP election, the President of the BJP said that there are about 5 or 6 leaders without counting the party leaders. or 6 people are always right.
The SP said that police have already arrested four persons who have close ties with the perpetrator and helped to escape the perpetrator.
Regarding the Umsning By-pass, it has already been approved to operate from a new one and now all that remains is to pay the land fee to the land owners and this will be done soon by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi. Village.
As residents we want peace and if the Karbis continue to increase we will not be able to defend ourselves,” he said.
“When they have seized the assets of the central bank, no one knows what the Western countries will do against it,” he said. late.
They went to Ri-Bhoi and elsewhere, but they were not seen.
Germany, since June, has recommended that those who have received the AstraZeneca vaccine be injected with another vaccine for a second dose, and many other European countries have also taken together, with the same decision.
The union has vowed to protest against the lack of places for about 700 Garo students at the government college in Tura but only three days before the end of the deadline, the government has fulfilled the deadline. nor their claim.
Years have passed, education has increased but many of the people do not understand that we have got our own state because our leaders want everyone to understand.
He said a police team led by DSP Chauenlai Sangma found the body from a well about 2 kilometers from Bolchugre village, about 450 kilometers from Shillong.
If you don't come when the issue is raised, where is the question against the government?
When these NPP leaders from Ri Bhoi and office bearers, met with Conrad K. Sangma, the Prime Minister promised to think better for the backward villages. and those who need development works in Ri Bhoi.
The festival is organized by the Ministry of Tourism in collaboration with the Umiam Sailing Club and the Yachting Association of India. bad who is bar ri.
“This robotic device used for cleaning is designed in such a way that it has hands with cameras and three other hands. the hands that work in the preparation of the tools.
The polling in these states will be as follows: Meghalaya and Nagaland on 27.02.2023; Tripura on February 16,
it's not just bah charles who produces that word there are many people who produce that word in songs you will find that they also produce that word if you want to object hap object lang everything it's not just he is alone.
Mawkyrwat, July 27: With the aim of providing assistance to the micro small and medium entrepreneurs of the Tynnai Honey Cluster, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Shillong, has launched a Town Hall Meeting on Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) at Nativity Auditorium Hall, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to reporters on the division of the same village into two constituencies, CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem said that it is necessary to divide the village into two constituencies. those who are poor and to equalize the population must be divided in this way.
He said Shapoorji Pallonji Co Ltd has bid 29.92 per cent, Simplex Infrastructure Ltd has bid 23.91 per cent while Shri Gautam Construction Company Ltd has bid 15.01 per cent which means less work of T.15.84 crore.
It is worth mentioning that the settlement of the boundary between Assam and Meghalaya for six seats in the first phase has caused dissatisfaction among many churches and the MDA government. She said that the boundary has been demarcated according to the map of the former government led by Dr Mukul Sangma in
He said that there is a delay in the evaluation of books by the MBoSE before they are released as textbooks for students at various levels.
“Yes, that's right, Maheh,” said Maheh.
If the bills can be delivered accurately every month and to every household and at the same time make it easier for the people to pay their bills without having to drive long distances, we think MeECL will have received the blessings and assistance.
This meeting was part of the celebration of their completion of training at the Centre.
“If Assam does the same even if it is in the border area, we should do the same,” he said, adding that security forces should be provided to protect the people living on the border.
The end has not yet come.
I remember the old house but now it has changed completely.
Israel has been a country of war since ancient times between David and Goliath between Israel and the Philistines (Palestine) 1 Samuel 17:1-4
After completing all the last rites, his body was taken to the Diwon Presbyterian Church Cemetery for burial.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, said, “We have decided to set up a permanent MERB.” except in the Ministry of Education especially in Higher and Technical Education, even in Secondary and Higher Secondary and other levels.
He said that those who violate will be fined and punished according to the village laws.
If the Khasi are discriminated against in Bangladesh, we welcome them to come here and this is the feeling of our fellow citizens.
The program for the 6/07/2019 (Saturday) Mawryngkneng Super Cup will be between Mission SC and Nongrim SC at 12:30 pm.
“We have urged the in charge officer to complete the investigation and lodge a chargesheet as soon as possible”.
The incident occurred at Nebua Naurangia village in Kushinagar district of Uttar Pradesh while the women were enjoying themselves. marriage in that village or Haldi ceremony; Unfortunately, the nar, which covered the well, suddenly broke and the 13 people, fell into the well and died soon after.
AITC Chairperson Mamata Banerjee has told the media that the foreigners who have settled in the villages will be converted to Indian citizenship.
The Regional Committee for Ribhoi District will be headed by Bah Prestone Tynsong, Minister of PWD and others.
With the arrival of many of these birds in the area, Alos expressed the desire of the village to be recognized as a tourist destination and to include the village on the tourism map. earth.
In the petition, the Chief Minister also put forward new schemes for the improvement of the road from Umtyngar to Sella, Weiloi to Balat, Umsning to Mawhati to Assam. known as Jagi Road and others.
In addition, it was reported that even in those places where the newborns are treated, there is no oxygen line which is essential if you have to give oxygen to the newborns.
After this meeting, if they do not agree with the outcome of the public awareness campaign, the JAC will buy a Supreme Court order against the state government for promoting the illegal coal trade instead of making laws to mine and transport coal.
The KHADC in its Border Committee meeting held on the 26th of this month has decided that the Council together with the Chiefs of the Three Hima will appeal to the High Court against the MoU. signed between the Government of Assam and the Government of Meghalaya.
He praised the Dorbar Shnong, teachers and all those involved in the contribution to this school.
“Don't worry about Bhalang.
Because if we think about Psiar and Khanduli first, we can lose the Block and it is like blocking Block-1 into Assam. in Block -1
This is the second album Leoberth has released following his 2011 debut.
? Is there any scientific method to cleanse or cleanse the mind of completely destroying one's own language...? To get the answer to all this, it is up to each and every Khasi people to investigate or to find out the root cause.
The inability in the past years to set up its own LPG Bottling Plant will now be achieved as the MDA Government has taken steps to achieve this.
Stressing on the increase in many crimes due to the use of drugs and other intoxicants, she advised the children to avoid things that can harm the body, mind and but to involve them in physical activity or other sports that will lead them to the path of goodness and at the same time build up their body, good mind and a bright future. encouraging them to be thoughtful and discreet because these qualities will help them to improve in life.
“The MPCC Election Committee has decided to send the names of these four candidates from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency to the AICC and five candidates from Tura Parliamentary Constituency,” said MPCC Media Secretary Szarita Laitphlang. the message was not released.
However, at such times the door is open and you can cook the food you want with all your relatives.
In the Under-19 category, the winners received T.6000 and the runners-up received T.4000.
The Government also allows people to deliver food items to homes (Home Delivery).
Many of them have left because we don't allow them to stay inside the village,” said Wanlambok Malngiang, Assistant Secretary of Madanrting.
The SP said that if there is any inconvenience, they can call the police.
He said that in the coming days the party will hold programs in the village and the programs are related to the Youth Festival. program will bring experienced people to train the youth on how to stand on their own feet.
She also explained how to take the test and the 13 languages ​​that children can choose to take part in the test.
So Rida invited her friend to accompany her.
He said that some teams of the Council have visited the land which KHADC has planned to buy in Mawkyrwat and after visiting it they have found that it is a suitable land. On the KHADC's withdrawal of the land purchase agreement in Mawkyrwat, Ardent said it is only the desire of the PDF to remove the incumbent MDC of Mawkyrwat, Hadrian. Lyngdoh, “The reasons are only to deceive the Mawkyrwat MDC, because he has promised that if they don't buy the land he wants, he will not support the PDF,” said Ardent.
In this regard, tomorrow at the Parking Lot Addll.
I also pray for these elderly people to continue to rise in the Spirit, rise in Ehbok, rise in Rwiang in all aspects.
Peter Challam, one of the independent candidates for the Lok Sabha MP election from 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency from Mawlynnai, said that his preparation for the election is always going well. He has gone through the media as much as he can because to go down himself to conduct public election campaigns at such times is not as fast as social media.
If the BJP comes back to power in May, they can introduce CAB through an ordinance.
The program will start at 9 pm on the 17th and 10 pm on the 18th.
He said that as the days and times have passed, it has been witnessed that the Khasi community has declined steadily in terms of education. such as civil services and others.
Surprisingly, MeECL produces electricity from its own power projects and buys the shortage from NEEPCO and elsewhere to meet the electricity needs of the people in the state.
Members of the Dorbar should be vigilant when constructing roads in their villages.
Besides, about 150 women will be trained in the unit on how to plant, song and clean.
Also present on the occasion were Mawkhar SC office bearers including Bah Ksankupar Warjri General Secretary, Village Officers, Youth Organizations and Women's Organizations.
Then, it will show how many people have escaped poverty between 2015-16 and 2019-2
This unemployment of youth has become a problem for the state as a whole as even the traders and contractors have declined sharply and this has led to a decline in the income of the state.
According to him, this is a very suitable place and should have been allocated long ago.
The people should be vigilant at such times lest they be caught in an accident without thinking.
Today's match will be between Nangkiew Irat SC and Nongthymmai SC at 3 pm.
He who knows man knows God and he who knows the devil knows God.
In fact, if such schools have set up programmes, they should have paid for themselves because of what they have already received at the beginning of school, in fact all the money has been spent at such times. there is something fun at school.
Another source said that the residents of the area are currently in shock due to the situation in the area especially that there are some officials of Raidmynsaw who have been close to them. Assamese people even attended the meeting of the group from Assam on that day.
However, he said, " I would like to mention that I still want to continue to serve the party from the bottom of my heart. nepotism) of leaders at various levels under the leadership of the President of the State BJP, will delay all measures that can be taken by the party workers who are responsible for the free exercise of their minds. and to rise in the party".
On the other hand, Pyniaidsing Syiem, Deputy CEM of KHADC, said that the EC under the leadership of Teinwell Dkhar has not interfered on issues affecting the people.
In the second group, Lawse SC beat Youngster FC 2-1 by Youngster FC.
The disrespect and disrespect of the Nepalis even to the Leader of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bah Kimfa Marbaniang shows clearly that these people intend to occupy the land of the Khasi.
In a word, the earth and its creatures are precious creatures created and shaped by the Creator in their own characteristics and values.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 2: Riangdim is a village about 12 km from Shallang and falls within the boundary of Nongstoin Hima West Khasi Hills District.
Any nation, in order to grow and move forward, needs to hold on to its foundational customs.
Jowai: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has suspected that the Assam government has persuaded the Catholic Church, Diphu District to build a school at Moolaber village, the border area between Assam and Meghalaya.
Therefore, the time has come for Meghalaya to split into two states, Hynniewtrep State and Achik/Garo State.
We went into the house of the schoolmaster in that village.
He said that the case is still pending in the Court and the Chief Minister should not have waited for the decision of the Court but yesterday the Chief Minister has taken the resolution. ha cum you can por.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The North Eastern Council (NEC) has approved the allocation of T.11 crore for the construction of the Ïewduh, the oldest market in the state.
The statement said that the widespread release of cows has affected and discouraged the active participation of the people to improve the village of Sohra and to revive the agriculture industry in Sohra.
He said that another decision taken at the meeting was that the KHADC will send a reminder to the Governor on the suspension of the Village Administration Bill (VAB). a copy shall be sent to the State Government.
Shillong: The Iada la ka Ri has held a meeting with the Village Authorities of Mairang area on Tuesday, where Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, explained the purpose of the revolution which started on the 6th of this month. this month.
Jeet kune Do is a mixed martial arts founded by Bruce Lee, one of the famous Hong Kong and American fighters who started the sport which is still alive today. .
In 445 BC a group of Jews returned to Shushan, the capital of the Persian Empire, to meet King Artaxerxes and tell him about the state of the kingdom and Jerusalem.
But if you hold on to what you have received, you will lose it.
During the meeting, the JD(U) confirmed that it will immediately block the enactment of the Bill and sought the cooperation of all political parties to oppose it. the law of the Modi government.
He said that if there is this it will be easier because you can understand the income of the people, because speaking on this he said that it is not only for one or two ethnic groups, but it has to crane all those who are in the state.
Surprisingly, the East and West Jaintia Hills Police, who have set up night checkpoints at Shohshrieh and Phramer, have never found any coal smuggling while the Nongpoh Police have arrested many trucks. who came from the Jaintia Hills.
“The robbers cut off his neck and threw his head on the wall, before throwing his body into one of the burning houses.
The Thoh Langdoh is one of the rituals of the Raij Jwai which was held at Law Langdoh, the place where Moo Langdoh is buried. The ceremony was conducted by the Sangot Paswet in the presence of the Doloi, the Pator, the Langdoh, the Sangot, the Wasan and the Phra Kur-Phra Kmai.
Jowai, Jymmang 22: The semi final of the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association ( WJDSA) was held on the 21st of June at Kiang Nangbha Stadium, Jowai.
In 2003, Kom won three Asian Women's Boxing Championships in India, and was awarded the Arjuna Award for her boxing skills.
When the journalists were able to produce the proper documents, the Assam police started investigating by alleging that the journalists had violated the Covid rules.
Trisha, who is one of the actresses of South films, will return to Telegu films where she will reportedly star in a film starring Chiranjeevi and Nagarjuna.
He said that the BJYM will not allow the Congress government to misuse the central government funds and should immediately stop doing this unclean act by misusing the central government funds properly. provided to SSA teachers, and student needs.
When we organize anything in the villages, townships, himas and districts, we don't need the contribution of women, or we don't include them because we feel that they are not the part of women. they shall quarrel, and they shall quarrel, and they shall not give advice a little.
The Union said that Anthony has made a great contribution to the Union and the community in the area to bring about development.
Up to 12 witnesses came to testify at the Commission's hearing.
The leaves of the sohphlang are green and small like the jatira leaves and farmers wait until the leaves turn brown; they shall begin to dig it up and pull it out of the ground.
Sonowal expressed his condolences on the death of Intazul Laskar, who was abducted from Lailapur Border Outpost of Cachar, on the Assam-Mizoram border, on Tuesday night. .
“For he must reign until he has put all his enemies under his feet.
Shillong, Lber 01 : Nongdawah CC and Hurdles CC continued to win the 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) on Tuesday.
However, in the 51st minute, Seven Brothers scored the second goal in the 51st minute.
He said that he went on Good Friday yesterday, so he came on Saturday to meet the families of the victims.
Barpeta: Shri Electrotechnology 4.
Looking at the visit to Delhi, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has no intention of being proud because many of the issues that the state has demanded from the Central Government such as Khasi Language, ILP, Sixth Schedule have not been implemented yet. There is no sign that the Central Government will do anything about them even though the House of Representatives has passed a resolution in the past years.
Two footpaths, including one in Umshor Shor at a cost of 1 lakh tyngka and one at Soh Plom at a cost of 5 lakh tyngka from the MLA scheme, were inaugurated on Saturday. In the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Umthlong, Bah Tyllilang Mylliem Umlong, Assistant Rangbah Shnong and others.
“We are in very difficult times these days and if it is removed, it will be a huge blow,” said Ramesh, former Minister in charge of Forest and Environment. He said that this government does not look for the good of India now and tomorrow, but for the benefit of their business.
The HYC has also expressed its concern over the decision issued on November 8, 2022 to change the dates scheduled for the issuance of the Rejection List and the time for clarification and to the date to write the examination is very short.
Nongpoh, Nailar 23: U Chief Superintendent of Police, Dr LR Bishnoi today for the first time met with the students of Ri Bhoi College in Nongpoh, with the aim of raising awareness among the public on the dangers of drugs and other beverages. Through the Awareness Programme.
Besides, Fela is also pleased to say that he is very excited to witness and read the basic principles of the Khasi religion.
Bah RM ShabongIn this MP election 2019, many actors have entered the political arena and we don't know for what reason, many actors have emerged, but one of the reasons is that they actors, it seems, seem to hardly ever lose elections at all.
According to the SP, the child was found in a house that was covered with water.
Casper Ruud (Norway) will prepare for the men's semifinal against Alexander Zverev of Germany in the French Open. The Norwegian beat Denmark Holger Rune 6-1, 6-2, 3-6, 6-3
Referring to the 1992 case in the Supreme Court against the Government of Kerala, the Minister said that the Court has ruled that no Job Reservation Policy and Appointment Policy should exceed a 50% share.
The Best Goalkeeper of the U-14 (Boys) was awarded to Idamaialang Pyrtuh of RC Evening School, WJHD while the Best Goalkeeper of the Tournament was awarded to Richanmi O Lyngdoh of RC Evening School.
Senior NSCN (I-M) leaders who were abducted by the Israeli company include Atem Vashum, Apam Muivah, Anthony Shimray and Phunthing Shimrang.
Emlang together with the President of the 1st Nartiang Block Congress Committee, Elias Susngi, on Tuesday elected and confirmed all the office bearers. Jomeo Dkhar and Dathmulang Ryngkhlem were vice presidents, General Secretary Pyrkhatbha Pyrphet, Assistant Secretary Precious Ryngkhlem and Meri Rymbai were Organizing Secretaries.
Many protests organized by various groups of teachers, Government employees, civil society groups etc. have received good support but the Government has not enforced Section 144 CrPC to prevent citizens from expressing their rights," he said.
The counting of votes has continued in the state assembly elections in Bihar.
The NEIPF said that after a thorough investigation, the NGT can issue an order according to an impartial trial. mining policy is still in progress, and I want to ask where the coal water flows.
Adding that the Government should not take the struggle of the party for granted, the President said that “this struggle of ours is not a national struggle.
Speaking on the mid-term elections in these three constituencies, Pala said that he has already visited these three constituencies until today and he has great hope that the elections will be held in these three constituencies. The Congress will win these three constituencies.
A source from the AITC said that the meeting of the Meghalaya Leaders was focused on the preparations for the 2023 MLA elections.
The TMC has contested its candidates in four constituencies in Assam.
“Let's not waste our votes and come out to vote and support the NPP,” said Conrad at the NPP campaign rally in Dadenggre, to ask for support for his brother and NPP candidate James PK Sangma. who is also the MLA of the constituency.
Hundreds of liters of pyrsi and phareng kyiad were seized from the police.
Likewise, when Bah Malki came home while sitting alone, he could not forget the appearance and voice of Lanosha.
The report said that those who received money from the truck drivers included major newspapers working in Silchar and Guwahati.
With this, Rymbai Iawpynsin has come to the top of the points table to win the title and will also lead the district to the Meghalaya State League
“We have received fines from Sardar Police Station and Laitumkhrah Police Station,” said the Addl.SP. , bright vehicle lights that disturb others, and playing music in a loud voice are prohibited.
He said that this demand has continued until now and the JAC has met many times and submitted a letter of demand to the KHADC and has been monitoring this issue from time to time.
The Baghara Medical College and Hospital is a long awaited project in the area to be completed as soon as possible in order to provide health facilities and also to benefit the people of the area.
We met Defense Minister Kiren Rijiju, and later we went to Delhi to meet Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
Amlarem, July 24: The Eco Friendly Crematorium was inaugurated on the 22nd of this month as part of the efforts to avoid air pollution and forest destruction. This is the first time I've seen a man in Padu, West Jaintia Hills.
This photo was one of the most popular photos of 6th July 2021.
If the intellectuals turn away just for that reason, what will happen to our state,” said Rangbah Kynsai.
Of these songs, there is one song that makes me cry a little here.
Shillong, July 26: The Mawkynroh Umshing Police Outpost last month held a public march to campaign against the use of alcohol and drugs.
In this day and age, people who do the right thing are persecuted and blamed.
The union also wants those vehicles coming from Amlarem not to park on the road from Jowai to Lad Bakur and not to allow heavy vehicles to pass through the Wah Umngot bridge.
“It was Dr Mukul Sangma who did everything and handed over the documents to the Assam government.
Such books have appeared which have explained about the Jaitbynriew in many books, newspapers and other places.
We don't know what will happen next but we understand that Israel will not stop until it is properly defeated.
There are also those who take agriculture as an occupation and after harvesting, planting and others go to work occasionally as a source of income to earn money and to supplement their needs.
However, from the news that came out every day, it seems that this is not the case.
In verse 5, Abraham said to his young men, Abide here with the donkey, and I and the boy will go over there and worship; after that I will come back to you.
Djokovic has also lost other tournaments due to his failure to get the vaccine, but has been approved for the to participate in the first Grand Slam of this year's Australian Open at Melbourne Park and who has won her 10th Grand Slam title for the 22nd Grand Slam in her tennis career. his.
The state government has confirmed its decision to appoint an Administrator and stressed that the ARPA's request to set up an Executive Committee led by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh will not last long. The state government has approved the decision and will send it back to the Governor to appoint an Administrator in the KHADC. Former Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit and Bah Adelbert Nongrum within 40 months of the ARPA. The KHADC has confirmed the decision to the Governor to enact the Administration Rule.
The Supreme Court has fixed the date for the hearing of the case on 4th November.
On this day, about 8 families have benefited from the donations of those people who have a pure heart, who have the knowledge to help their fellow human beings who are in need.
After the release of these leaders, they were welcomed in the presence of Samla Donald Thabah, Secretary, former President, Samla Daniel Thabah, KSU leaders and family members. They held a welcome and celebration after their release from Phatok, where they welcomed them with flowers and dressed in Ryndia clothes.
There are three types of languages ​​in the Interactive Voice Response (IVR), which has been conducted in different parts of the state and these include English, Hindi and local language in In Assam, Assamese and West Bengal are Bengali, while in Ri Khasi, only English and Hindu are used and companies have been directed to use Khasi. in your IVR.
And the king gave way.
In South West Garo Hills, there are six cases, one health worker and five risk contacts.
“We have called three meetings.
The ceremony started this evening with the 'Synyaw' dance from Lum Lariang.
Why does the nation suffer and suffer?
The union will soon go to the relevant authorities to demand that they provide assistance to such families who have suffered from this.
The union urges all the shops selling dewbilat in the state not to sell too much or take too much price of dewbilat because if in Assam they are still selling less why in the state they are selling less.
The winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of T.3 lakh and the runner-up will receive a cash prize of T.3 lakh. T.1 lakh and other prizes.
On the Teachers' Day on the 5th of November, the students of Government Girls Higher Secondary School, Jowai performed this song.
It is here that the MLAs who make laws should know, read and understand the law.
The first match between Ladthadlaboh and Kseh Sylle Ialong ended in a 0-0 draw.
In the past few days, the KSU has also expressed its disapproval of the proposal of the Shillong Street Arts Festival (SSAF) to paint portraits of actresses and actors on the streets of Shillong. The purpose of the festival is to put Shillong on the map to showcase the talents of the youth and to showcase the traditional culture of Shillong. state.
Former Finance Minister UP Chidambaram has been arrested by the CBI from his residence in Jor Bagh in New Delhi.
" “To increase revenue and implement it, the Central Government needs to amend Article 276 (2) of the Constitution and we have requested the Governor to convey this to the Central Government to improve the situation. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Winning Garlang Sungoh, EM Taxation.
She said that the erection of these illegal gates and fences to collect money from vehicles has disrupted the smooth movement of vehicles and disrupted the movement of the people. the risk of traffic accidents.
Ma Moina said that the report that he is still under Judicial Enquiry for 14 days is false, as he has been granted bail since 25th June NCP Candidate Ma Moina Singh Phyllut, NCP Candidate, Nartiang-Umladang Constituency, said in a statement at 4 pm.
The project was launched at Shillong Sadar Police Station and is aimed at providing services only to the residents of the Capitals and Union Territories of the country.
He remembered the covenant with Abraham.
Later, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that the government has written to the Central Government to request Rs 30 crore for the construction of a veterinary hospital in Upper Shillong under the Prime scheme. Minister’s Development Initiative for North-East Region (PM-DevINE).
On the 19th of this month, the SDPO, Sadar and Special Cell arrested the suspect.
The purpose of this program is to train the students in many fields before they start looking for jobs, and also to encourage them in the development of skills so that they can be able to them and various schemes of the State Government.
Speaking to media, Conrad said the NPP's failure in the Lok Sabha elections is due to many reasons.
“I feel that if the UCC comes in relation to the Compulsory Registration of Marriage, I feel it will help a lot to our people because if the state government does not implement this, if the central government “I think it will help a lot to solve our problems in this regard,” said Bah Michael.
Shillong: A public toilet has been inaugurated near the Additional Secretariat, Shillong, under the CSR program of Antrix Corporation Ltd.
In 2022, a year before the MLA elections, the Prime Minister has announced FOCUS +, which is a continuation of FOCUS. They have been working since 2021 and have been provided with all the necessary requirements, but they have not received that 5,000 tyngka even now.
This incident has caused shock and death in Dong Laitlarem in Nongspung.
Leaders of various Seinraijs were also present along with the Acting Dolloi of Jowai.
Eight villages under the Muthlong Sein include Rashai, Pammanik, Latymphu, Thadsning, Moobandu and Sohkymphor villages.
Jessie Lyngdoh has composed the song, while Jessie's hair and makeup has been done by Centhia Dhkar and make up by Rikular Khongtiang.
Other states that have started to increase their income are Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, Rajasthan, Sikkim, Telangana, Tripura, Jammu and Kashmir and Delhi.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has seized T.12 lakh in parts of Ri Bhoi District.
The Bill has been sent to the Home Ministry not to look into it, but to get the approval of those who sent it by saying that they have fought hard, but it is still in their hands. of the Home Ministry to avoid the growth of the population.
The union demands from the state government through the Minister in charge of Arts & Culture, Bah AL Hek, to have its own building and also to turn it into a fully functional District Library. In Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills, the District Auditorium has been inaugurated.
“As one of the teachers in the last few years, when I have examined carefully the working methods of the HNLC, I have been shocked and thoughtful especially after Samla Freddrick Kharmawphlang has joined the HNLC. and this organization.
When asked whether if the Congress wins, who will hold the post of CEM, Madon said, “99.9% of the time I have decided that I will hold it myself.
On the closing day, prizes were also awarded to the winners of these programs and games.
“We would like to announce this to the public because the Shillong Reach Ministry has been doing charity work to help the poor children by receiving assistance from donors but by informing the public, people can come and help more. Dr C Khonglah, who examined the children at the Police Hospital, said that 25 children have been examined and according to the results, Their health is not bad but good except for diarrhea and headaches.
Other participants won 8 gold, 8 silver and 12 bronze medals.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) on Tuesday said that it is the Indian National Congress (INC) that is causing trouble in the country.
Another person has died after falling into a newly dug drinking water tank in Jowai on Tuesday.
Sukhi Pariat was elected as the state president of the Mahila Morcha, Mewakar Lyngdoh as the state president of the Yuva Morcha, Thomas N Marak as the state president of the ST Morcha, Ralden Byran Shabong as the state president of the Minority Morcha.
It is to be recalled that Bah Samlin Malngiang was a big supporter of Bah HDR Lyngdoh but later Bah Samlin contested the mid-term MDC election and won. He won the MLA election in 2018 against Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
At the time, the militant leaders reportedly replied that they would wait for the army to arrive before killing themselves, according to military sources quoting the report.
Forty kinds of skits have come out of the mouths of the election campaigners especially from the NPP.
A man named Pynsuklang Khongwir has died in the blaze at a house in Lumkynsai, Smit under Madanrting Police Station.
“Therefore, in order to ensure the development of football in the state and also to provide adequate sports facilities to the youth, we request for your assistance for these needs,” said the petition. the Prime Minister.
He expressed his regret over the lack of medicines at the hospital and said that he cannot go to Assam to get medicines because there is no doctor at the hospital which should serve the people. There are about 15 villages in these areas.
Additional Deputy Commissioner PK Boro, MCS expressed his gratitude to the Governor for his support and guidance in the implementation of development schemes throughout the district.
It is also learned that the heavy rainfall has also caused flooding in parts of Kynshi village and the Sordar of Kynshi Bangla village said that about five houses have collapsed. to leave the houses and move into the houses of neighbors as arranged by the town.
When asked whether he is on any side, Dr. Pariong said, “It is not clear whether he is on any side but until now it is clear that he is the Congress party. and inside I am like that.
If anyone dares to share or oppose the will of the winners, you will be sent to the village.
How will the roads survive if the rainwater flows in the middle of the road? Shouldn't we as voters and electors of the legislators (and the government) ask why it takes 21 years to get back to the Legislative Assembly after the fire broke out in the old house in Khyndai-lad? Is there another state where it takes so long to form a legislature? What is the reason for this delay in getting a house which is the heart of democracy?
He said that not long ago, as in Assam, there was a search for information on the number of churches, the number of church committee members, what they do and others.
These children who were recognized as Junior Red Cross members of the Indian Red Cross Society were welcomed at a short meeting held at the school grounds.
Around Lum Shyllong, the land was taken care of by the Ryngkew-u-Basan of Lei Shyllong, and they were called the Saw Basan of Lei Shyllong.
MeECL will shut down the power supply tomorrow from 6 pm to 11 pm due to the maintenance of the 132 KV Khliehriat Mustem power line.
Government sources said dozens of militants stormed a police station in Sheikh Zuweid and attacked police officers at the police station.
At the same time, the Seng has urged the State Government to immediately relocate the BSF troops who used to patrol the Sonapyrdi Bridge and said that this patrolling by the BSF troops is illegal because in fact The BSF should have taken action to curb crime on the border but they are patrolling the National Highway-6 at Sonapyrdi.
He encouraged the farmers to take agriculture as a source of income and urged them to involve their children in this field.
He said the party has also met with the opposition political parties, such as the UDP and HSPDP, and even the parties that do not have MLAs in the House, KHNAM and PDF. He said that KHNAM has promised to include these issues in its vision document, and the HSPDP has raised five issues to take action, while the UDP has promised but has not yet said anything.
Shillong, November 11 : Meghalaya is one of the states where the citizens do not trust anyone to come to campaign for the elections, said Prestone Tynsong.
“There are six competitors and two of us won gold medals, Amos Nongrang and Donbestar Syiemlieh. “The tournament was organized by the Club War 21 Four Men's Tournament Guwahati Assam,” said Marweiñ. “The tournament was organized by Cores Marweiñ.
Or the Rangbah is known as the Father of the Sixth Schedule.
The MDC's allocation of funds for the construction of this school building last year has been a great blessing to the teachers and students. On the other hand, the parents and teachers expressed their gratitude to the MDC and honored him at the opening ceremony of the school.
In the incident, other passengers of the Night Super sustained minor injuries, but the driver was seriously injured. injured severely.
The qualifications of the teachers are BA BEd and BSc BEd.
Tottenham beat Ajax 1-0 in the opening semi-final of the Champions League on Saturday night, with Donny van de Beek scoring. in the 15th minute of the game.
The former Congress-led government had been fined T.4.77 crore per month, which the government had transferred to other departments last year.
After the election of the office bearers, another ceremony was held in the presence of Anju Bobby George, Senior Vice President AFI, Dr Lalit Bhanot, Addile Sumarila, President AFI, Finley's family and others. .
The cleaning of the Nonbah River has been carried out in a new way by cleaning the Nonbah River by cleaning the jar to block and remove the garbage that has been carried by the water by cleaning the jar from side to side like a fish. people.
They also held a candlelight vigil to send their condolences to the families of those who lost their lives and also to the families of those who were seriously injured in the attack.
Shillong, Jymmang 24 : The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday said it has rejected the report of the inquiry into the shooting death of former General Secretary Cherishterfield Thangkhiew.
In the first leg, Luti Tuber Ialong beat Youth Social Welfare Pynthor 1-0 in the 41st minute through Phrangki Dhar.
It is worth mentioning that recently, the FKJGP leaders together with the Syiem of Marwet, visited a place in Killing area, but because they saw that it is not suitable for holding the They have stopped and today, they have visited Umnowe and hoped that the plan to get a garbage dump will be successful. urlong.
“According to the latest exit polls, Meghalaya will see the return to power of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government for the second term or MDA 2.0, under the leadership of the NPP and the MDA. support of the BJP, UDP and other smaller parties including independent candidates.
The Estimate Expenditures are Two Hundred Three Crore Nine Lakh Fifty Two Thousand Five Thousand.
The death toll in Spain has risen to 812 overnight, up from 6,528 to 7,3
I will not fight for the rights of your mother, Pyrsa and Kyiaw...” The father encouraged in front of Pyrsa and his son.
On the closing ceremony of the SKSWKHD, the President of the Seng Khasi Central Body, Bah DKDkhar, and At the same time, he also gave his congratulations and blessings to the Seng Khasi South West Khasi Hills District to continue to grow and move forward to preserve the culture and traditions of the Khun Khasi Khara. year to another.
The NITI Aayog's report shows the poverty rate in many areas based on the figures collected during the National Family Health Survey (NFHS).
When he heard that the Bangla house was two or three floors high, he was surprised to hear that others were calling themselves Nongrithlen.
He said that this is also a sign of strength and determination among women and will encourage other women across the country.
After this he played in the I-League for Gokulam Kerala and became a talented player.
However, Dorothy appealed to the Supreme Court and on 8th June, 2023, the Supreme Court ordered the Meghalaya High Court to review the case of Bah Marbaniang's mother. and to consider whether the investigation should be transferred to other investigative agencies.
HUCC and Moodymmai won the Open T20 Cricket Tournament 2022 organized by the All Jaintia Cricket Association (ACC) on Friday.
My people and yours who don't want to share and who know clearly that they, as a political party, cannot form a Government or overthrow a Government without the support of those A'chik people. .
Shembhalang Pyngrope scored 59 runs from 53 balls, Shrimonto Hajong took three wickets for two runs in two overs and Pynshaitbor Girodh took three wickets for 10 runs in 1.3 overs.
Zayed has been away from acting for several years now and it was only last year that he re-emerged to showcase his talent.
It is not that we are against foreigners but they have their own states to lead like Bengal for Bengalis, Assam for Assamese, Punjab for Punjabis, Bihar for Biharis, Uttar Pradesh for North India, Only Khasi, Jaintia and Garo should lead the state,” said HITO. According to RTI, there are no Physical Education (PE) teachers in 14,000 schools. Meghalaya but the government has announced to produce Olympic athletes in the Assembly.
Jowai Govt UP RMSA School won the Under-14 Boys category against Police Public School 2-3
The Navy and a team of NDRF and SDRF today recovered the body of the fourth coal miner who was buried alive in a coal mine at Krem Ule, Umpleng East Jaintia Hills District.
“The presence of the PWD office in Jowai Town has benefited only three constituencies, Jowai, Raliang and Mookaiaw,” said Nangaibormi Sutnga.
Besides Heisalon Dkhar, 33, police also arrested two other MeECL employees, Elius Wanniang, 40, of Mawkyrwat and Rishotlang Bareh, 31, of Khimmusniang, Jowai.
For more information, please call Bah D.Ranee President MSCDF and Vice President Nezkda (9
“Shaid laughed because they felt that his words were true and they were shocked.
The Minister was responding to a question by the UDP MLA from Amlarem, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, who requested the Government to consider the MSP for rice.
A complaint has been lodged against the woman at Laitumkhrah Police Station and the investigation is ongoing, police said.
Regarding the appointment of the full time Director General of Police (DGP) in the state, the process is in progress and will be announced in due course.
However, he was only identified from documents on the body and near where he was found.
Does the JSU and RSS still believe that Meghalaya or India is a secular country? The persecution of Christians is very strong because it is very strong in strong places like these organizations which say "evil turns away from themselves" It means that Christians do the same, as they do, they feel that it is too much.
Winnison Ch.
TUR and KAM Meghalaya in a statement strongly condemned the shootings and riots which took place on Thursday on the streets of Laitumkhrah area by the residents who took part in the rally from the part of the employment campaign held at Iewrynghep Square, Laitumkhrah Shillong.
Through the National Rural Livelihood Mission, 44,067 Self Help Groups (SHGs) have been established, benefiting 427,195 households.
Members of the ABVP Meghalaya today met with the Chief Minister Shri Conrad K Sangma and Bah AL Hek to express their gratitude to him and his teams for their efforts to prevent the spread of the disease. the spread of COVID-1
The demarcation process has been pending for 50 years and it is only these two governments that have reached an agreement to demarcate seven out of the 12 areas between the two countries. dispute.
“I have not withdrawn my support from the Congress party, but I am a strong supporter and now with my full support I have become a member who can speak out,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Besides, the Minister said that the Government has also urged the Vice Chancellor of NEHU to convene a meeting with the Heads of Education Departments to discuss and allow the schools to implement the Speaking on the NEP, Meghalaya should not be left behind, he said, “We have a way to move forward.
Last month we saw that there were events where the candidates or spokespersons of the political parties who contested this election in our state took part in the debate between the them and the audience.
Zainad told police that on Saturday evening, Sabir and her mother-in-law and relatives shot and beat her and then ran away with her using with a triple talag and after that, they expelled her from the house.
He said that the people should not be deceived by others because if they are deceived, they will lose their spirit of work and it will be a loss to the people themselves and not to their homes.
“The EC will meet again on Thursday to discuss the report,” said Bah Syiem.
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the market waste should not remain as waste, but should be converted into electricity generation through the technology.
“This is what they call self-employment and self-employment.
They are Dasakhiatbha Lamare (Nongkrem) – Wailadmiki Shylla (Jowai), Comingone Ymbon (Raliang), Sosthenes Sohtun (Jirang), Pyniaid Sing Syiem (Mawryngkneng), Gigur Myrthong (Mawshynrut), Timothy D Shira (Resubelmin). (Kharkutta), Pongseng R Marak (Bajengdoba), Jim M Sangma (Rongjeng), Marcuise N Marak (Williamnagar), Abdus Saleh (Rajabala), Thomas K Sangma (North Tura), Rakkam A Sangma (Rongara-Siju), Brening A Combination (Early).
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) Northern Zone, led by Bah Juban Swer, President and Richard Kurbah, Secretary, on Tuesday visited the Umsohlait Police Station. The Police Station has been opened since 2017 and during the inspection, they found many shortcomings inside the Police Station.
A tragic incident occurred on Sunday morning after a blazing fire broke out and destroyed the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Girls' Higher Secondary School (KJPG-HSS) at Mission Compound. Shillong.
“The appointment of non-ministerial MLAs in various departments has been a long-standing practice of governments.
There is a saying in foreign languages ​​that they often say and this is the truth when we look closely at the meaning of “UNITY IS STRENGTH”.
Speaking to Rupang, HDR said that it is not that he has a meeting but he has some urgent personal matters which he cannot avoid.
Police, after receiving the complaint, conducted a search operation and arrested the suspect. do this work.
Shillong, July 18 : The National People's Party (NPP) has slammed the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) leader Mamata Banerjee for not fulfilling her promises to the people at a rally in North Garo Hills today. They are only election promises to the people.
Lutituber Ialong won the Independence Day Cup Under-17 while Mookyrdup and Sohmynting won the Third Division Football.
Iranian authorities have been able to stop the worship of these people who gathered at the site with the participation of these three Europeans on that day.
Four cases are from Chirang, four from Tinsukia and one from Goalpara.
There is no need for anyone to witness this but even those in charge of the market have seen it every day and they themselves have to walk along when they walk in the market.
He also recalled his journey in his studies and despite many difficulties, he went and completed his studies until he was able to teach in schools and also to establish Dozens of schools in the Nongstoiñ area, to open up opportunities for children from poor families.
In these two rituals, the theme has won and it is believed that the year will be good and that the evil spirits of the society will be removed.
The Punjab Chief Minister took this step after a government employee of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister regarding the incident.
Later, Bir-bar came out and asked the king for permission to try.
After leaving the Congress party, Nongsiang joined the NPP on the 7th of this month and held the post of District Working President.
At this annual meeting, there will be speeches by many of the leaders of the Kur, as well as songs and dances especially by the youth of the Kur.
Earlier, the Co-Chairman of NEOG 2022 and Commissioner Secretary to the State Government, Dr. Vijay Kumar said that the preparation has been a great success as it has involved everyone in the country. most of whom have been working hard for many days and weeks now.
He said that if we turn to the Congress, it will take decades for the people to accept it and how much more will it affect the party in the state.
Madonna Lytep and Sr.
The Government of India will conduct a pool testing of five people at a time.
He recalled that on July 1, 2023, the Minister of Education, Rakkam, had announced that the state has not yet been able to implement the NEP 2020 in colleges for the year 2023-2
Speaking to media, Paiem said that on his part, as the Syiem, he will send a letter to the KHADC to demand that the KHADC should cancel the order on the ban on the raid. I didn't want to hold a raid council.
“We have received a request from both the councils to extend the term of the executive committees, as the committees for the delimitation or division of constituencies have asked for time to complete the division of constituencies and the work is still ongoing. “They are conducting a public hearing and a decision will be taken in a few months,” said Prestone.
On the other hand, the Mawthoh Kur, which held a meeting today, expressed its deep sorrow.
For more information, please contact M/s Indigo Airlines for adjustment or refund,” AAI Shillong wrote on Twitter.
That is why Jesus said, “Pray that you may not enter into temptation.” Jesus Himself prayed all night to God the Father.
Shillong, March 28: “I apologize if I have offended anyone, I will tell the truth and even if I lose the election it doesn't matter,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MDC Jaiaw. The issue of changing the spelling of the Khasi Kurs for their own Kurs and Jaits.
The Australian World Championship Trials will be held in Melbourne in July.
In Mawsynram, it was suspended due to the fact that HM Shangpliang, who will contest from the party, has not yet retired from the government.
David Warner scored 46 runs from 31 balls, Prithvi Shaw 54 runs from 38 balls, Prithvi Shaw 54 runs from 38 balls, Rilee Rossouw tied for 82 runs from 37 balls and Phil Salt tied for 26 runs from 14 balls. the Punjab.
Earthquakes, diseases, floods have happened around the world and now these are DAK (Signs).
Three persons, including a Myanmar national, have been arrested by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) in connection with the seizure of explosives and ammunition in Mizoram. , police officials said.
He said the government should call for talks with the political parties and should create all the means to bring peace and stability in the state.
The symbols of thought that I have to share in my little understanding because perhaps it is we the people who have turned the nation around: • Now, in our country many people say this, that if Knowledge, wisdom, righteousness, love of the country, no matter how much you don't want the people to elect leaders or to become leaders if you don't have enough money.
However, since he became an MDC from this party and after more than 26 years of service, he has seen that only the Congress party can provide adequate services to the people.
As the temperature rose to 40-degree Celsius in nine places across Odisha on Tuesday, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Naveen Patnaik, has ordered that no All schools up to class 10 along with Anganwadis have been closed from today until 16th June.
of India which provides for Social Security to Insured Persons and Family Members under their responsibility.
He also reminded that the celebration of Wildlife Week is a wake-up call to the public and especially to educate on the need to care for and preserve wildlife and all living things.
Nongpoh: Leaders of Jirang Constituency, including Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA and Bah Victor Ranee, MDC, today arrived in Jirang, to hold a special meeting with the people of Jirang C&RD. Block, after seeing that the people working in the C&RD Block, have worked very hard, in order to curb the spread of COVID-19 and also those who have worked hard, for the the welfare of the people within the area.
It is not clear whether these people hate the Khasi or other youths from other ethnic groups because they shot as many as they found.
Also present on the occasion were Wallambor Nongsiej, President of HYC Mawkyrwat Circle, Kyrpang Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary of HYC Mawkyrwat Circle and T. Thyrniang.
The judges of the Supreme Court, who heard the case on Monday, directed the High Court of Meghalaya to hear the petition again. .
At the same time, the union demands that the state government should set up check posts along the NH-6 especially at Tongseng to curb the illegal entry and exit of Bangladeshis.
At the same time, the brothers and sisters are requested not to carry vehicles if possible due to the lack of parking spaces.
When you start to get better, you start to experience a rich life, a life without thinking carefully, you really feel that the world is a paradise, because friends on the right and on the left, these They shall be as the fish of the flower, that they may eat the sweet and pure waters.
Pope Francis today acknowledged that there are Catholic priests who abuse female nuns in many of their workplaces.
The same census shows that in 1971 the proportion of other ethnic groups in Shillong Municipality was 63.24% and in 2011 it was 48.80%.
We have detained them for further investigation,” said Varun Dahiya, ACP, Crime.
Regarding the Coke factories in Shahlang, West Khasi Hills District, Bah Kimfa S Marbaniang said that although the State Pollution Board has issued a notice to close down these factories, it is not known. why are these factories still operating?
Why don't young people have the spirit of struggle in life, whom can we blame, is it because of the lack of education, the lack of education, the lack of education, or the lack of education? There is no one who tells or shows them the way to move forward in life, and there are those who are quick to play chess but who are too proud and famous at the beginning. your life is theirs.
“We must be very careful,” Modi said.
Leaders of the Youth Wing of the PDF Mawhati Zone including the President, Francis Kurbah, Vice President, Michael Marten, General Secretary, Aishah Masynting, Assistant Secretary, Shain Suphai, Organizing Secretary, Embhah Mynsong. and other leaders and members of the Youth Wing.
They had rolled a large stone against the entrance of the tomb, and the soldiers stood there in front of the tomb.
He said that regarding the Umïam stage I and stage-II, the soskular has almost been completed and will soon be submitted to the Cabinet for signing of the MoA. The Umïam stage – 1 is about 50MW and Jowai, June 20: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) will hold a public meeting on the 22nd June, 2022 at 11 am in front of the Deputy Commissioner's Office. They are located in Jowai.
At the end of a meeting with the media for the review meeting on highway projects in the North East held in Guwahati, Assam, he said that these projects include roads, Ropeways, RoBs, major bridges across the Brahmaputra River and other water bodies.
"Before I conclude this short article, in relation to the tourism industry, I would like to remind you that as the people of the area, we have received a lot of praise from the tourists. from our fellow Indians and foreigners as well as our honesty and courage to tell the truth especially when tourists ask about the places they want to visit.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 08: The Ri Bhoi Youth Development and Social Organization (RBYDSO), 20mer Circle today held a Training program on cleanliness was conducted in about 6 villages and garbage dumps were distributed.
Modi will address the Polo Ground on the 16th and it is understood that the BJP has set a target of attracting about 1 lakh people to the rally.
The nations of Israel remain strong to this day, strong and able to hold fast to their religion, customs and traditions of their ancestors until other nations turn to them.
Speaking to media after the Dorbar Lyiur, Bah Ronnie said the decision taken by the Congress is for the good and benefit of the KHADC and especially for the protection of to the nation.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, will agree to be the chief guest due to the absence of the Governor.
Meghalaya finished top of Group 2 in the U-21 men's football team and will play against Manipur in the U-21 men's tournament. The semi-final will be played on Sunday.
The residents who have to pay their monthly electricity bill without saving even 10 naira complain about the inability of MeECL to provide adequate service.
These workers were quarrying in parts of Hpakant, Kachin State; However, the hand suddenly came down from the heavy rain and killed all these workers.
However, the family of Bah Shanbor did not believe anything about it.
Bah Adelbert also blamed the government for the problems in Them Iew Mawlong, saying that instead of being a 'Problem Solver' or solving the problems, the government has turned into a 'Problem Solver' The problem creator, instead of removing them, has now installed a gate for nearly three years and has blocked the traffic of vehicles which has caused more problems. in the traffic jam because of the overcrowding.
Nongpoh: A house of Martina Lyngdoh Nonglait and Shainingstar Marpna in Sumer Umbang village, Ri Bhoi, has collapsed after a fire broke out and destroyed all the belongings. .
Therefore, the children had to live alone all day long except for a few hours in the morning and evening when they met their parents.
Although this is Alia's first time to take part in the Met Gala, she has impressed many with her dress.
I immediately phoned Bah Shangpliang and promised to come and study the matter.
He said that this resolution will demand from the Central Government to release the implementation of this Act in the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Councils.
After a few months and years they knew the place, they got to know people, and they learned to impress the owners and the owners gave them higher jobs until they even gave them passbooks. to the household also.
““Those who work in the fields, because there are Khasi who employ foreigners, we have given them a six-month suspension and they should not employ foreign workers.
Few people can get inside because the door is so strong.
The Super Division Football Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has reached the semi final of the 2013 FIFA World Cup.
After the meeting with the DC, these leaders in a statement to the media said that this behavior of the Karbi people has been excessive and this may be just their intention to cross the border. you are from the state of Malaya.
Shillong: Seven-time Asian Championship medalist Shiva Thapa and Commonwealth Games 2022 gold medalist Amit Panghal have been invited to participate in the competition. The 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship was held at the SAI Indoor Hall on the third day.
At the same time, he said that if a school exists but without teachers, it is not right, a school and teachers without students cannot exist. promote knowledge within the community.
Therefore, there are many places to go to Assam and there are places to go to Meghalaya.
The strength of the rymbui is excessive, it has great power, it can defeat the bombers.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The talks between the Sengbhalang and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma today, have failed, after the meeting between the two sides. law.
Surprisingly, the MDC of Laban from KHUDA, Bah Sanbor Shullai, has arrived at the opening of the dorbar today.
It is to be recalled that the strike against Bah Ardent started in front of the Secretariat on 23rd June 2023 at 10 am.
Before entering the jail, they broke through two main gates of the jail and threw stones at the security guards. Many policemen were also injured and could not control the anger of the crowd. They had to intimidate them in many ways but the crowd did not listen. until they reached the border, they turned their backs on the crowd.
In 2010, the UPA established the Central Agricultural University in Ribhoi.
“There was a stir and some people were seriously injured but it was not a gunshot,” he said.
The KSU also demanded that the state government should set up more check posts on the NH-6 especially in Tongseng to curb the illegal entry of mynder from neighboring parts of Bangladesh.
Md. Hachen Ali Sk 19 son of Md. Nasiruddin SK of PS-Tamarhat.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Union, Samla Ethylberth Khongrymmai in the presence of the Secretary of the Union, Vickychell Kharmih, said that since 18th July, 2016, they have sent their demands to the Union. The government through the DHTE department and on 23rd November, 2016 they went to remind them of this demand but it was only on 9th November, 2016 that these youths went to remind them again. However, the students of Sohra College have decided to take to the streets to show the government authorities that the students of Sohra College are strongly opposed to this. The college is the only government college in East Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, said that the new vehicle for the use of the vendors in Iewduh, is due to the hard work of the CEM of KHADC to implement the scheme through the Chief Minister Special Development Fund (CMSDF).
The petition was signed by the Meghalaya Hajong Welfare Association, the Meghalaya Rabha Jatio Sewa Sangha (MRJSS), the Meghalaya Koch Association, the Meghalaya Boro Sahitya Sabha and the All Mann Tai Speaking Welfare Association.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Deputy Chief Executive Member (Dy.CEM) of the Council, Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem, said that the Council has urged the Syiems and their rulers to Raid to make it clear to the people that they can come out in order whenever the leaders of the Regional Committees from Meghalaya and Assam go to survey and express their willingness to stay. in the state of Meghalaya.
The new case is that SS Net Com has appointed some IT job seekers from Shillong and North East. training in Ahmedabad by a fake company known as Irfan Faisal Amit (IFA).
The purpose of this Dorbar is to hold a Public Discussion on the State Government's proposal to amend the State Reservation Policy and the decision taken by this Dorbar will be taken by the JCCRP. inform the State Government through a Memorandum.
The KSU on the 13th of this month has sent a letter to the district authorities through the Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills demanding the repair of the road. Therefore, the KSU has taken this step to criticize the NHAI for continuing to collect money, while the road does not believe in the construction and lyndet the safety of the passengers passing through this road. to the street.
“If the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government comes to the state within five months, the implementation of the new government can be started, but if the BJP does not form a government like other states, The state will take 8 or 9 years to achieve this goal.
NATO has made it clear that Russia has not taken action on the plan to cool the tensions. discuss on this matter.
On the other hand, the EJNC reminded that the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya have also imposed restrictions on the people to protect themselves from the corona virus such as avoiding mass gatherings. Wash your hands and mouth if you sneeze and so on.
Tottenham Hotspur on Tuesday announced the appointment of former Celtic coach Ange Postecoglou as their new manager after signing a four-year contract with the club. Premier League.
“We have witnessed an increase in crime especially theft in every village.
He said that the people of Garo Hills will benefit from many of the development projects that the BJP government has implemented in the states under its rule. It will not tolerate corruption and will do so to ensure that development projects that should reach the people will not be lost even for a moment.
“We the sohniamtra farmers are deeply saddened by the death of the soh trees,” said DM Tariang.
The vine represents the present-day nation of Israel.
And I sang all the arts.
In the Premier B, Mawdieja SC became the winner by beating Mawlyndep SC 3-0
The blockade started on Thursday night and continued till Saturday in Lakhisara, Assam.
At the same time, they also witnessed with their own eyes the progress of the work after inspecting the rooms and works inside the building.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP Ri Bhoi District, in the presence of Bah Stephan Kharbani, Rangbah Shnong Umran Niangbyrnai, other FKJGP leaders, including Bah Gabriel Sun. , Bah George Tangsan and other dignitaries.
This is exactly like in Manipur, the light comes one day and goes one day.
Referring to the Shillong Parliamentary Assembly, Marcuise N. Marak said the NPP has three names before it.
The last day of Durga Puja ended in a peaceful and happy atmosphere where Hindu devotees went to baptize the Durga goddess peacefully on the second day.
Through this, it will encourage those who have not reached the goal to play in clubs and also bring joy to the spectators.
He said the support of the BJP from the people of Meghalaya has increased since
Yes, in fact there should be encouragement and comfort at such a time, when even their nations are not yet clean.
Donkupar also praised Ardent Basaïawmoit, the leader of the VPP, although he doesn't have money; However, the VPP candidate in Umsning is strong, while the UDP leader Bah Metbah has not been able to attract the people like Bah Ardent.
The SMB generates revenue from parking lots, markets, stores, and other revenues.
Shillong, November 16: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Saturday passed a new constituency division bill, removing the two constituencies of Lyngkyrdem and Laitkoron and creating a new constituency. Umsning and Lyngdoh-Light Constituencies.
On the other hand, the leaders of the HYC Ri Bhoi today sent notices to many cement shops in Ri Bhoi and requested the cement dealers not to sell cement. to sell the cement operated by the company while they have not been able to resolve the issues that have arisen in East Jaintia Hills where the people are against the company Topcem.
The Annual General Meeting was held at Ialong Village, West Jaintia Hills District on 25th October in the presence of Waheh Shnongs and Life Members from the two districts.
However, the perfect Khasi word should be as follows:- “Close that PHALOR. Besides the word PHALOR there is also the word KHYRDOP. KHYRDOP is something bigger than PHALOR. KHYRDOP it also refers to a large building through which to enter, such as the LUM SOHPETBNENG GATE, which is located north of Umiam, to enter and climb to Lum Sohpetbneng.
JOWAI: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today visited the North Eastern Region (NEC) over the introduction and passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) by the Lok Sabha. The final of the Sniawbha Dhar Football Tournament will be held tomorrow.
The incident happened at 3 pm this morning, when a Maruti Car driven by Philipson Khongjoh of Downgate and a Grand Vitara driven by Bah Samborlang Kurbah of Umran Diary collided at 3 pm this morning. The Maruti car was trying to turn from side to side of the road and there were two children and a mother in the car who were trying to get medicine from Bethany Hospital.
Shillong: NEPA FC have won the Second Division Cricket League by beating Matrisangha by 66 runs on Tuesday.
Each household received 3 or 4 kilos at the price of T.20 per month and shini was distributed.
And as the Government can reduce or increase the prices of vehicle fares and petrol/DIESEL fares. The passengers are subject to the law.
Nujorki said the people of Meghalaya should not believe Assam which accuses them of being the loggers of the people whom it shot dead recently in Mukroh.
The union has also sought information from the contractors or agencies implementing this scheme in Ri Bhoi and the union is waiting for a reply from the office of the Deputy Commissioner to provide all the information on the scheme. this is the implementation of this scheme.
According to the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, the committee will create the mechanisms and recommend to the government for the strengthening of the Dorbar Shnongs and to define their powers through the recognition of the law. .
The meeting was also attended by senior NPP leaders including Bet Sangma, General Secretary of the NPP, Bah JS Kurbah, President of the NPP East Khasi Hills District. The NPP leaders were not only present at the meeting, but also encouraged by the participation of dozens of Rangbah Shnongs of the villages in the area.
On the allegation by the opposition that there has been no peace and stability in the state for the past two and a half years, the Chief Minister denied the allegation by the opposition that the state has not been in peace. He said that from 2015 to 2017, 66 insurgents have been killed, while in the year of MDA rule, only 3 insurgents have been killed and 36 civilians have been killed. In 2015-17, only 4 policemen were killed, 9 policemen were killed in 2015-17 and 1 in 2018-2 who has been killed, crimes against women have decreased to 33%, Pocso cases have decreased by 30.1% and this clearly shows that peace is stronger now than in the past.
These organizations oppose minorities such as Christians.
Siddaramaiah was sworn in as Prime Minister on 20th January and DK Shivakumar was sworn in as his Symbud Minister.
Even if they have installed and implemented CCTV cameras, it is said that it is difficult to prevent prisoners from getting mobile phones, as their assistants used to throw mobile phones inside the prisons through the holes. who are tall.
It is also heard that the government does not have a POLICY, or a clear path to implement.
“The deadline for filing nominations for the Lamphang seat is 4:00 pm and we have received only the name of Thomas Sangma from the NPP. “I don't know if it's true or not,” said Bah Andrew.
If this happened it would be extremely unlucky.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) has not yet announced its candidate for the upcoming MP elections due to the large number of candidates.
“Therefore, the party urges the youth who have responsibility for the country and the nation to come forward and work for the good, to be a stronghold for the happiness of the future generations, because we are the nation. Rich paid, we must be strong and united, otherwise we will perish one day.
Nongpoh: The KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) today welcomed and honored the Thei and Rang ia Kura, who won the Hades K-Pro tournament, organized by the World Cup. Mixed Martial Arts Union in Goa.
Former MPUF President Dapoiwanmi Laloo PDF has filed his nomination papers from Jowai Central, UDP candidate Suklang Shylla from Nongjngi, NPP candidate Paia Dhar from Mukhla-Wahiajer and Iarly Dhar from Mukhla-Wahiajer and Iarly Dhar from the same constituency.
Shemphang Dhar, Assistant General Secretary, Embhah Passah, Finance Secretary, Iohbait Shadap, Kershwa Langstang, Asst Organizing Secretary and Heisuk Shulet, Education Secretary. , Kamwadathmu Hadem Agriculture Secretary, James Baswell Sten Publicity Secretary, Miki Sungoh Asst Publicity Secretary, Leoferdinand Suiam Sport Secretary, Krius Suiam Asst Sport Secretary, Listarning Shadap Environment Secretary along with 15 others. member of the Executive Committee.
The Nagaland government on Tuesday announced that 676 residents of the state have been allowed to return from Manipur following heavy clashes and bloodshed. in Manipur since the 3rd of this month.
These offices are better at cultivating various types of soh, sying, rice, wheat, shriew, riew hadem, jhur, kubi, phrisbin which are more suitable for the soil in this area and how to protect them from a disease of plants caused by the use of fertilizers and modern pesticides.
Prof Shukla explained in detail the requirements to be followed by these colleges, which have been affiliated with NEHU. Association and for the benefit of all the students of the North East, the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, requested that the MCTA should establish and think carefully, in which he also wanted to have a discussion between Prof. Shukla also congratulated the colleges under the umbrella of NEHU and the students, in which he said that the FYUP Scheme, the Education should be improved and should also be improved and transformed and provide opportunities for a brighter future for the students.
How much more so for those who are facing problems or illnesses, such as cancer, AIDS, chronic illnesses and other life-threatening problems.
War also vowed to lodge a complaint in court against the six persons who lodged an FIR against her.
Assam has done its part and that is to show the fact that there are 19 lakh mynder in the state and this is according to the National Registration Certificate. (nrc), which was recently published.
GW1516, which was found in the body of the athlete, is a drug that can rebuild and rebuild the human body and also works in reducing weight and the World Anti-Doping Agency. She said that the use of this drug poses a serious threat to the health of the players.
He said that the NGT's decision to ban the mining of coal because it kills the dohum dohwah by polluting the rivers, has turned the ears of the people and the departments of the state.
Work well, you who are wise, and you who are wise.
Similarly, the Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank has disbursed Rs.32 lakh to 28 SHGs.
KHNAM also urged the KHADC not to issue NOC at all on this project, for the freight railway or passenger railway without implementing the ILP.
He gave an example, “If the English says 'Computer', it should be called 'Computer' in Khasi.
On the other hand, Muktiar S Sen said that he has to take the order from the relevant authorities and will submit an affidavit to answer if necessary. The hearing was postponed to the 19th of this month.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 17: Phermiki Salahe, one of the shooters who took part in the Meghalaya Games, said that he has not received any assistance from the Kyrmen Foundation. Kyrmen Shylla on his Facebook page said that the Kyrmen Foundation has donated money to the shooter from Dkhiah.
The performers of the song include Dahunshisha Kongwang, Betsinia Iawkoh, Anabella Ryngksai and Shiningmoon Khonglah.
She got the opportunity to sing in Mumbai, under the guidance and training of one of the city's talented composers, Dilip Dutta.
Dr Bajubon R Kharlukhi is the husband of Pamela War and lives in Mawlai.
Is this expenditure really spent or does it go to the pockets of some officials of the Health Department? The person who asked this question did not ask supplementary questions so that it would be possible to know how and where this public money was spent.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The Hynniewtrep Patriotic Hearts Movement (HMM) will hold a commemoration of the death anniversary of Bah Bull N Lyngdoh on the 7th of November at Ingdong Pdeng Shnong, Sohra at 2:00 pm. 00 pm in the presence of the family members of this leader.
Speaking at a public meeting today, Rahul said, “I am here to campaign in Meghalaya but I know the whole of India. ?".
Without thinking far, the Prime Minister has not prepared how to implement the policy especially in the higher classes.
Shillong: The National Border Construction Company (NBCC) has resumed the construction of signboards at Huroi on the border with Bangladesh.
But they stayed in their own accommodation.
“The Good Governance Day has already been celebrated in the state, we don't need to rely on others to announce the Good Governance Day,” he said.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Barak Valley Khasi Welfare Organization (BVKJWO) on 28th October lodged a complaint with the DFO of Cachar District, Assam and visited these areas. a person who is not of the nation.
The union also expressed its surprise that according to the dulir, it is written that Bahadur lives in Umwang but he has an EPIC from Mawlasnai.
The HNYF also witnessed that many of the shops closed their shops as soon as the HNYF started to conduct the rally.
According to reports, the attack by Hamas militants against Israel has affected not only young people and adults, but also children, of whom about 40 people have been killed. children who were brutally murdered by the Palestinian militant group.
On the first day, 527 students (Athletics 141, Boxing 55 and Football 331) attended.
All those who have reached the age of 18 years according to the calendar year, 01-04-2024, 01.07.2024 or 01.10.2024 can register on the Electoral Roll through Form-6
This is the trick of the seller, if the cow has been slaughtered and now if it is still alive as well and this is part of the government, where the law demanded by the cow sellers, is different. , from what they do, the traders steal cattle.
There is nothing else to change – dien.
The tear gas was fired at the teachers when the teachers' protest was attended by their young children.
He said that he has already met with Charles Pyngrope, President of TMC Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, but it is still a friendly talk and not a final talk.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The protesters calling for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state have urged the people not to be afraid of the government's threats.
He said that as soon as the boat sank, he called to Umniuh village from the other side of the river for help to rescue them because he could not do anything himself because he was on the other side of the river and did not have a boat to help.
Maitshaphrang Club beat Paralok Sports Club 1-0 in the opening match on 21st June. Maitshaphrang beat Paralok Sports Club 1-0 Jersey in the 90+3 minutes.
The government for decades has been confined to meetings and small promises have been burnt and devoured by the people.
Regarding the collapse of the road in Twah Ringai (Ngunraw), Bah Pius gave hope to the residents of the village that with his initiative together with the PWD (Roads) department, they will be able to complete the road. so that the people will not face any problems in their daily commute.
He said the North East needs to look into issues related to climate change.
“The Chairmen of the two Regional Committees of Assam and Meghalaya will conduct a visit to Khanduli village to resolve this doubt so that peace can be restored in the Khanduli area,” he said.
The construction of these houses for agriculture and marketing is through the Lakadong Mission.
Dr. HH Mohrmen said that the attendance of such Trade Fairs from all over the country will help in getting the opportunity to discuss with foreigners on the trade.
Why do you have to pay for your money and certificate?  The JSU has decided to lodge a complaint against him with the Deputy Commissioner and the General Manager of DIC and demanded a thorough investigation into his club.
According to sources, the two houses are owned by Shebil Pohshna and Pansngiatshisha Khriam.
The social condition of the Israelites was very poor, discriminating against the rich and discriminating against the poor.
We understand that it will be difficult for the meat vendors to do this quickly,” said Municipal Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh.
“He said that this report appears to have been prepared from the chair, without going to the site to investigate and getting information from the Transport Department.
Shillong, Naitung 8: There has been a lot of talk and question whether the New Shillong Township (NST) will really benefit the people of the state or will it be a beauty just for the benefit of others.
We need the power of Pentecost, the power of the Holy Spirit to do that.
Currently, there are many road projects for the benefit and development of the people of Khasi-Jaintia and Meghalaya as well.
Shillong: Bethany Society, Shillong has won the title of the 3rd North East Blind Football Tournament organized by the Indian Blind Football Federation (IBFF) in collaboration with the Bethany Society.
How far will the voters continue to be deceived in the upcoming elections in 2023? We will look at the attitude and wise decision of the voters of Meghalaya after this election.
He said that Tirot Singh was a great king, who 184 years ago, gave his life for the sake of ensuring that the nation would not end up in such a great power as the Hima Syiem. but he stood up against it with courage to ensure that our nation had a bright future.
The Congress placard read, “Great mismanagement of money laundering”, “Stop harassing the people”, “It is not a bombing but a bombing of the people”.
This is not the book of a preacher or a storyteller, but it is the book of a scholar-thinker who has collected the words of the scholars and not only that this scholar has written and translated those words of the scholars. also using literary techniques, such as proverbs, parables, stories and parables.
The party invites the elders, men, women, village headmen, civil society organizations, village youth organizations and leaders to witness this most important part of serving the country. and the nation.
There have been 75,809 new cases of COVID-19 in India in the past 24 hours, of which 1,133 have died.
Those teachers teaching in primary schools from government schools, deficit schools, Adhoc schools and SSAs who have not met the requirements set by the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE), ie 45 percent or who have not passed The HSSLC examination will have to be held again for the Class XII examination prepared by the MBOSE in
The death toll has risen to 3,128 and the death toll has risen to 3,29,1
The rest, the cleanliness of the air and the rest of the world and the beauty of the place, cannot fail to attract the soul of one of the famous archers of the country, Atanu Das. Together with his coach, Mim Bahadur Gurung, each of them was able to take part in the ceremony and also helped to distribute the medals to the men and women shooters of the synjuk. The fourth Meghalaya Games was held at the SAI, SAG and NEHU shooting grounds on Friday.
However, it has been observed that through the introduction of laws by the Central Government, the District Council authorities have had to move to the outskirts and this has affected the Hima, Raid and one example is that the Hima cannot Set up tax collection gates on the National Highway.
It is learned that the police who went to the area yesterday, went to the place where there are dumps of uranium and according to their information, there is no escape outside the water. During the raid, the police also met with the owners of the land who had allocated the land.
He said that the Government has also ordered that the disabled will no longer be able to receive the Chief Minister's Social Assistance (CMSA) of T.500 per month if they They have received an Unemployment Allowance of T.1000 per month and those who receive assistance from the Unemployment Allowance can no longer receive assistance from the Chief Minister's Social Assistance (CMSA).
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Two women from the same family, one died and the other was injured in a parmaw crematorium in Mawngap on Thursday evening.
This move will encourage other Meitei armed groups to join the peace process and pursue their demands in a manner in accordance with democracy and also promotes the Modi Government's objective of having a peaceful peace process. 'Arms-free and prosperous North East'
It may be recalled that the truck (ML 06 4474) from Mawbyrkhong village was carrying a lot of people to attend the Synod service in Nonglang. Aldening Syiem and admitted that the overturning of the truck was due to the overcrowding of the vehicle in front of the vehicle and thus, he mistakenly threw the 3rd gear, but it reached the neutral gear. .
This is a good thing and there is nothing wrong with it.
U Bah PT Sawkmie received 12,700 votes in the 2014 MDC election from Mawlai constituency and at that time Mawlai had 36,000 votes, but now he said that Mawlai has reached 40,000 votes. and in his estimation, he said that he needed 15,000 votes to reach the target.
After this, a prayer of thanksgiving was held and the cake was cut.
He said that the Iing Dorbar has many issues that affect the people of the village and which should be discussed in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
Raising this issue, Bah George said that the traders have reported that there are gates on the highways which collect money from vehicles carrying goods up to 7 and 8 thousand tyngka and this is what has happened. cause increase in food prices.
This was stated by Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar while raising a motion in the House today on the problems faced by the people on the border.
(5) Health facilities like PHCs and CHCs. However, it is sad to see that the MLAs are not able to provide only these basic needs which the people need so that they can earn a living.
The ANTF has arrested two persons identified as Chwamiki Lyngdoh, 32, from Chutwaku, Jowai and Exeuben Lavie Kympat, 24, of Moosalyngkat, Jowai, was arrested for possession of a vehicle (ML04A 6941).
The department has launched a Learning Management System (LMS), developed by it, in collaboration with the World Food Program (WFP), with more than 12,000 registrations, and the distribution of more than 34,000 certificates have been awarded to those who have completed this.
Sangma said that every officer should have a goal to bring the right solution and theme in the service of the state.
However, on the 11th of this month, the robber entered her shop again with threatening words and allegedly threatened to rape her 14-year-old daughter. .
The party also said that such an incident has caused instability among the people in the state.
“Ka seng also supports the decision taken by the VPP regarding the amendment of the Reservation Policy according to the number of people and I would like to make it clear that the government should take one of these. Otherwise, the party will take strong action against the government and now we will wait for the All Party Meeting and if it doesn't work out as we demand and expect, we will “Take strong measures to ensure the rights of the youth of the nation,” he added.
Mawkyrwat, November 03: The Mawpait IVCS (MNIVCS) on 28th November, 2022 celebrated its three year anniversary (2019-2022) at Nongthymmai-Raidewsaw.
The celebration began with the performance of the students of Savio Juniorate.
Most of them are from outside the state such as Assam with their relatives and children to walk in this beautiful square in Shillong.
Agartala: Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Deb has warned banks in the state not to harass local workers by sending them to look for managers for their loans. Bank, for those who wish to take Mudra loans.
He said that the first project (Ha Ri-lum Khasi) has faced obstacles, as there have been problems in its path and the Government will have to resolve these problems as soon as possible.
On the other hand, Bah Richard Pohlong, President of the Foreign Trade Chamber of Commerce (FTCCM), has praised the Madam for her efforts to manage and open the export market to Bangladesh. Daniel Khongsit, President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia Hills, said that the market has been closed due to covid-1
However, after that, she was surprised again, when she found that the child had taken off her clothes from the top down and at that time he had poured water on her body. all his body.
Shillong, Nailar 1 : The Co Chairman of the State Development Reforms Commission (SDC) and former MLA of Mawlai, Bah Process T Sawkmie, on Tuesday questioned why only the UDP has sent its recommendations to the State Development Reforms Commission (SDC). Government on the Reservation Policy (RP) while other political parties are still silent and this issue has to be taken by all if we want to bring about change.
) GOOD JUDGMENT AND MARRIAGE SELF-GOVERNMENT: Looking forward.
Shillong, July 10: The North East Federation of Journalists (NIFJ) has formed the North East India Federation (NIFJ) to fight for their rights.
Experiments on lifestyle in the form of unhealthy foods have shown how much those Western foods can damage the stomach.
Bhalang was also promoted to the rank of Clerk.
He was also surprised how the doctors from Nongpoh Civil Hospital did not go to look for him, even after talking to the Civil Hospital authorities many times.
Seinduli-1 was founded before 1950 by Thio Thongnibah and Iren Thongnibah from Myrshan village and later by Pahep Sib Lyngdoh and Phring Lyngkhoi.
All shops, bars, hotels, canteens, CA bars, out stills/bonded warehouses will be closed on this day.
Hasina said she does not understand the rationale behind the implementation of the CAA in India.
“He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already.
The residents are pleased to see that the PWD department has taken the initiative to implement this road to improve the traffic flow, which connects West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District to Azara, Assam.
The reason why I raise these concerns above is that if these leaders, leaders and private individuals are truly patriotic, they should look into and give advice on how to improve these departments. to blame only the electricity department.
It is difficult but I am sure that once they get an explanation, they will be happy,” said Conrad.
If I am not mistaken, there is no discussion and discussion for this road in the Legislative Assembly, and if so, it means that our leaders don't know and don't care about us. the public who suffer from transportation problems.
He requested the District Administration to take all the necessary measures so that this assistance through the government should reach this family.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Minister said that the construction of the wine estate includes tourism and agriculture and will help in to support self-employment and increase employment.
Therefore, if they are no longer Riewlum, can they still participate in the MDC elections or can they become candidates or voters of the KHADC?
This institute is run by the Northeast Institute of Professional Studies (NeIPS), Nongstoiñ.
Speaking to media, the Leader of the Opposition AITC, Dr Mukul Sangma said that according to Section 21 of the MMDR Act. It is the duty and responsibility of the Central Government to take action against these illegal mining of coal in the State.
Sunflower Oil : This oil is one that can provide a lot of benefits for skin health.
You should never install any apps from people who call.
Shillong: The High Level Committee (HLC) today submitted a full report to the State Government on the issue of eviction of the residents of Themmetor. (Harijan Colony).
The welcome speech was delivered by Mr. W Pohthmi.
Fantin also promised in the KHADC Legislative Assembly that the EC under the leadership of the incumbent CEM, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, will improve the revenue collection of the council.
Vehicles arriving from New Hill and Shillong will have to turn to Kynruh Saphlang and Thomas Jones.
All the speakers condemned the Meghalaya government for not taking action to resolve the border issue with the Assam government and condemned the corruption of the Assam government which has banned the construction of the road from Lapangap to Khanduli by the Dorbar Shnong Lapangap in 2019 while the Assam government has built a new road within the boundary of Lapangap Village.
Ask for advice from anyone who can guide you.
Drew said that as a sign of support for the strike of the Writers Guild members, she will resign as host of the MTV Movie & TV Awards. 2023 and will look back in future years.
Because of this, it is clear that there is no infiltration with the police because if they don't allow how foreigners from Assam come every day.
He added that not only was he involved in the illegal construction of the cross, but Lowis Sohphoh had also threatened the people of the village to defame the villagers, including Bah Sitring Marbaniang, The Rangbah Shnong and Bah Pynskhem Marngar, Vice President of the HNYF, Mawiambei Unit and several others.
The purpose of the Act is to provide students with the opportunity to receive free education in schools.
Police have taken the body of the youth to the hospital for postmortem.
In the boys' final, Ri Bhoi beat West Jaintia Hills 4-0 with Shanborlang Khongjee scoring a hat-trick.
The party leader said that the party is deeply saddened by the refusal of 25 residents of Malchapara to return to their homes and they have had to leave. at the office of the Nonglang Sirdarship in Langdongdai, for fear of being searched by the Assam police.
This is the flight from Jakarta to Pontianak.
In addition to the PDS, the Government of India has also enacted the Essential Commodities Act (ECA) in 1955 and has amended this Act in 2020 by enacting the Essential Commodities (Amendment) Act
He said that the suffering of the people during the time of Covid-19 is terrible where the price of food and drink has increased but at that time the MLA of the area has disappeared.
Because this is slow.
Forty or fifty years ago, once I had completed Class-VI and above, I was invited even from home.
There were 10 candidates, but after the withdrawal of some candidates, only three candidates remained including Martamlin Pyrbot, Paul Lyngdoh and Reginald Thabah.
These 6 villages have banned rawon from other villages as well as from some villages in East Jaintia who have to pass through these 6 villages to stop fishing in the rivers within the border. distribution of these 6 villages to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Therefore, I expect that the government will take more action to market the products produced in this state so that it does not affect the people of the state and to increase the income of the farmers of this state. especially in such a time of great distress.
Police have also registered charges against Bernard N Marak under the Explosives Substances Act,
Shillong: “The way these drugs were hidden very carefully in the bus shows that even the bus driver is involved in this drug supply to our state.
Candidates from all over the state have applied for tickets in the past few months but the time has not yet come to issue tickets.
Shillong, March 17: The Chairperson of the Parliamentary Committee on Scheduled Tribes, Dr Kirit P Solanki, on Tuesday said that the state government departments should give their rights to the Scheduled Tribes in the state without misusing them. .
He said that the shelter has been operating for three years and there has never been any complaint against it.
Lahkmen said the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) under the Ministry of Education has approved Kiang Nangbah to launch the four-year Integrated Course to bring about a change in the curriculum. assist teachers to impart knowledge according to the new curriculum or policy.
On the other hand, Mawhati MDC, Bah Charles Marngar, said that if it is not profitable, these fish ponds should be removed as it affects the budget of KHADC. He said that the work of this department should be reviewed and updated.
If you have any comments, please delete them.
Shortly after, the Magistrates and the police called a meeting between the two parties and at the meeting the company agreed to reopen the road and to withdraw the complaint.
Do you still have the right to truth? Do you have a Blei? They are all there but often there is no place for them in the heart of man.
For more information, please call
He wrote a letter to a friend on 20th July 1947 from Shillong, saying: Bah Wollington, “I have received another letter from Nongstoin which you have written as you informed me in that one.
On the other hand, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, demanded that the MDA Government should issue a clear announcement to inform the public that the journalists are indeed the leading candidates and ready to speak for themselves. to provide information to the people of the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Yooshida Nongspung, Waheh Chnong of Khanduli, said that in the afternoon, five Karbi persons robbed a resident of Khanduli in his field. within the boundary of Khanduli.
It is up to the new MLAs to do something.
The winners of the most awards in this category were BBC News.
Then, following the protest against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB), the Inner Line Permit (ILP) which spread to Ichamati (Shella-Sohra) and here too while the fire was still burning, there was a rescue. The MDA has been affected by the Covid-19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021 and the protest has collapsed.
NSCN (IM) leader Thuingaleng Muivah intends to use Phungting Shimrang to seek assistance from China if the Indian government fails to meet its demands. The NSCN (IM) has said that one of the senior leaders of the NSCN (IM), Hangshi Ramson Tangkhul, is still hiding in the area with the NSCN (IM) troops.
He said that Dey is the same person who made the same allegations against the Seng in 2020 in connection with the incident in Ichamati where many of the members of the Seng were injured. A member of the Sohra Circle of Circle (L) Lurshai Hynniewta was killed.
The KHADC's plan to allocate quotas to men could cause a lot of problems and affect the poor families.
Law Minister Arjun Ram Meghwal introduced the bill in the Lok Sabha on Tuesday.
In the fourth place, Springfield Snaitang won the Sib Singh Memorial Govt.
The last day will witness the performance of former Boyzone singer Ronan Keating, Jonas Blue, Lou Majaw, Blue Temptation, Da Minot, Nokpante, Rhem, Favian, Wanjop Sohkhlet, Banrap, Young Nate, Meban, Lamphrang and Toshan. .
He said that the party is on the ground to look after the welfare of the jaid bynriew and for this reason the party is spreading the tnum u tyndai across the land of Hynniewtrep so that the people can get the. service through the platform of an organization that stands to serve the nation.
In the women's category, the winners were Makrisha Songthiang, Inrila I Dor Khongthaw, Ranisha Lyngdoh, Baiaunshisha Lyngdoh Nongbri, Ideibanrishisha Kharpran, Rympeibasuk Syiemlieh, Cynthia Mylliem Umlong, Danisha Lyngdoh, Balarisha Maring, Phahyllah and Angela. Lyngdoh, Assistant Nongrum, Melaribha Lyngdoh, Naphishisha Kharkongor.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised to take action and look into the requests of the group for the smooth running of the ceremony which will be held in June
Man United at Old Trafford topped the list in terms of capacity with 74,310 people while Tottenham came second. in capacity to add up to 62,850 seats to its stadium.
Most of the time, this violence in life is caused by mental illness.
If government employees refuse to sit, the government should impose strict rules against them.
Nongpoh, March 12: Leaders of Ri-Bhoi District, on Tuesday, 14th March, Patharkhmah, have convened a public meeting to discuss the allegation and reveal the names of many people from the area in the murder of Police Officer PJ Marbaniang in July this year.
The Working Committee of the KJPA, which met today, has decided to explain to many churches.
“I applied for the ticket alone, no one applied for the ticket – I will get the ticket myself,” said Bah Antonio.
An example is Umsning constituency in Ri-Bhoi.
Shillong Lajong FC have secured a return to the I-League after beating Bengaluru United 2-1 in the final of the Second Division League on Sunday. SSA Stadium, Polo.
Before the lockdown, the Seng and others have suggested to close the borders and those who come from abroad should be placed in isolation centers without being allowed to go to the country. home.
Besides discussing the issue of ruser theft, the Head of Police, Ri Bhoi District, also gave an explanation to the Rangbah Shnongs on how to find ways and means to prevent the spread of COVID-1 -19, because by explaining to the village leaders, these village leaders will then teach the people in their own villages.
He said that the signs shown through the stones, the planting stones, are still very common today and have a very important meaning.
The report of the investigation by Justice T.Vhaipei, which was submitted by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma on the opening day of the dorbar synrai, has deleted all the names of the policemen who went to the raid. at the house of Bah Cherish and also the names of those who testified before the Commission of Inquiry.
Ezekiel 38:22-23.
The Incident Command Post, Medical Camp, Staging Area, Relief Camp and Base Camp have been set up at SRGT Parking Lot Polo and 3rd Ground Polo.
According to preliminary reports, Jackson left the event after a while, and went to be with the crowd.
U Bah Carmel Sohtun, MDC of Laitkroh, who has already decided to remove the constituency, has not lost hope that the constituency will survive, where he will be able to contest again from the same constituency. bag, which he won in
After that, the Dorbar was addressed by the Rangbah Kur Warjri and the prizes were awarded to the winners in various competitions. The song was composed by Dapalei Warjri and the group was composed by Noury ​​Warjri.
The Rangmaw Sub Center will serve 12 villages while the Lyngkien Sub Center will serve 7 villages.
For the safety of the people especially those who drive taxis and tourists, the union urges to provide adequate fuel distribution at all petrol pumps in the state.
The Government should work to find a way to resolve this for the benefit of all and ensure that the people of the State can choose freely in the field of food and drink.
During the meeting, the Engineer explained that the Department has already sent a letter to the Contractor to start the remaining work of Iawmusiang, but he has not responded to the request. and he did not begin to work.
Another match of the invitation football will be played between 7 Wasa and Jarain FC at 2 pm. He welcomed the joining of Bah HM Shangpliang, former Mawsynran MLA and former BJP leader, saying that this will strengthen the party.
How much is the soul worth? We don't know how to explain its value and to show its value we just call it 'The soul of gold, the soul of silver'
After the incident, the cleaner, who did not want to be named, went to the District Council authorities and they opened the CCTV to see who entered as CCTV has been installed around the Council. .
In a report to Naik, Bakshi said that after the MTC suspended the purchase of the helicopter, the company handed over the helicopter to the MPCC for a fee of T.50 lakh through After receiving permission from the MTC, the company has handed over the helicopter to the MPCC. Daryl William Momin from 25, 27, 28, 29, 30 October, and on 1, 2 and 3 June.
“The Minister himself told me that I was lucky that on that day a Punjabi Khar came and brought the pata paper. I knieh from his hand and we got the pata pata again”.
“We apologize to inform you that SURL will not be taking part in the Cherry Blossom Festival on the 17th of November.
Speaking at the meeting, Nehemayah said that this is the second time he has contested the MLA election and urged the people of the area to give him the opportunity to serve the people.
Shillong: The authorities of East Khasi Hills District, Mawlonghat, have closed down dozens of houses in Geonka Compound, Mawlonghat due to the presence of positive cases of corona virus. Compound and the order has been in force since yesterday.
He said that as the leaders of different villages they did not have any reason with these two youths and he said that they are ready to forgive but these two youths will have to come back to Nongpoh. Police station tomorrow together with the parents or relatives, so that their relatives will also know what their children are doing.
“There is no employment opportunity whether in the government or in the private sector,” said Dame. Set up a Rehabilitation Center to treat those who are addicted to alcohol.
Speaking on the occasion, Mr. Chenmiki Laloo from Grassroot, who conducted the meeting, explained in detail about the training.
He said that the government has a vision for the state and thus it has allocated funds and the allocation of funds is for the construction of good and sustainable buildings. employment opportunities through self-employment and special policies and programs to improve the income of farmers.
Writing on Twitter, the CM said, “Happy Behdeiñkhlam to all” and added, “May this celebration be filled with happiness, progress and unity”.
Regarding these demands, the Union of Village Authorities of Mawshynrut Area has announced that they will soon submit a petition to the State Government.
The people who are in the city of Israel shall burn with weapons of war, the small and the great, the swords and the spears, the sticks of silver, and the silver of silver: and they shall burn them for seven years.
Other speakers included Deputy Commissioner Batlang S Sohliya, BDO Laskein C&RD Ma B Niang, MDC WG Sungoh and others.
Meanwhile, Sohmynting beat Dongmihsngi 2-2
Earlier, HFU leaders including Commander Shangpliang President and General Secretary Alfonsebirth Kharsyntiew presented the decisions of the Farmers' Dorbar to the Chief Secretary.
“We have already asked everyone, but they cannot confirm this and I request the people if they know that there are policemen involved in taking T.10,000 for stickers, to come to us. face and evidence" he added.
In some places the width of the river is up to 4miles.
At the same time, Dr Nonglait said that KAS has agreed with the suggestion of the Prime Minister to set up an Advisory Committee to take forward the struggle for the recognition of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule. in India.
The program was attended by KSU Central Body Leaders, KSU Jaintia Hills District Leaders, BVKJWO President Charles Rymbai, Babu Moses Kharbithai Professor, Assam University, U.K. Vice President of All Dimasa Students Union, Samla Daniel Khyriem, former President of KSU and other dignitaries. invite the public to attend this meeting.
The residents of different villages in the Rambrai area are farmers and their produce has been delivered to this market, but the cost of the roads has put the residents in trouble in terms of transportation. bring forth their goods.
Satan asked God for forgiveness, but there was no way.
“About 40 students ate the food, of which 36 became ill.
Therefore, it is time for the youth of the area to think again by starting their own businesses in whatever field they like so that they can provide for the needs of your family or even yourself.
On this occasion, Bah Samlin said that after winning again this time he will work harder than he did in the last term for the benefit of the people.
On the part of the KSU Ummulong Unit, we would like to thank the office bearers of Ummulong Village for taking the time to join us.
The two Congress leaders told Sonia Gandhi that the lack of support for the present government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma has affected the relationship between the Ministers, MLAs, MDCs and senior leadership of the organization and its various departments.
He said he has received information that there are works worth up to T.1 crore but they have been carried out only to cover the ground. said Mr. Shylla.
In a letter to the SP of East Khasi Hills, the chairperson of East Khasi Hills, Kong Meena Kharkongor, said that the OC of Mawryngkneng has shown disregard for the incident by not registering a complaint when the family members of the child left. to tell the story.
Replying to a question raised by Congress MLA from Mawsynram, Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang on the spread of fake challans in East Garo Hills, Conrad said the government will look into the matter and introduce a the process for issuing Mineral Transport Challenges (MTCs).
Regarding the untimely fall of Sohniamtra, Bah Sainlang Wahlang, who is one of the farmers of Sohniamtra, said that in the past years, there has been no untimely fall of Sohniamtra, but now The year the rainfall was excessive and devastating to the farmers, because the crop which they should have waited for had fallen halfway.
The school was inaugurated by Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh in the presence of Bah MW Kyndiah, General Manager (Project) IGGL, Bah HS Markhap, Headmaster, Tbn.K Teron. President of the Managing Committee, church leaders, village leaders and other elders.
The union will hold a meeting tomorrow Tuesday in Tura where the leaders will announce the measures to be taken. immediately after this Council.
Speaking at the election campaign held in front of the YMCA at Mawkhar in Shillong on the night of 22nd June, Bah Lyngdoh said that if the Congress comes to power in Meghalaya, what will it promise to do? it is to promote health.
So he took a big decision to stand up for the Khasi at that time and opposed the violence and corruption of Harry Inglish and other violent Dohlieh.
On the same day, it was also seen that people from the District Authorities, visited the villages affected by the floods.
The training was known as the 'Workshop on Agriculture for Grassroot Level Farmer's Training' which will be a blessing to those farmers who have been trained and who use their skills properly and not just eat what they eat. but that they should work hard and improve their income in all respects.
Guwahati: Another Assam policeman has died while undergoing treatment; after a shootout between Assam and Mizoram police.
Shillong, November 9: The LLK DN, Shillong will hold the closing ceremony of its Silver Jubilee on the 15th November 2014 at the Kur Dorbar Hall Mawkhar. at 11 o'clock in the morning.
The requirements, bedding and other necessities have been provided by the office of DC EKHD as well as by the health department and will be for men.
Markus Lyngdoh recalled that since he retired from politics , he had planned to retire from politics but Hopingstone Lyngdoh , a close friend of his , came to force him to hold the post of President of the whole of Bhoi, and as an old member of the party he did not refuse to strengthen the party.
Voting will begin from 7 pm to 4 pm.
Also present on the occasion were Prof Dr C Daniala, Medical Superintendent of NEIGRIHMS as the chief guest, General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) Bah Finely L Pariat, Executive Council Member of MSOA u Bah Finely L Pariat. Dipshon Ryntathiang and MeECL Deputy Chief Accounts Officer, Aiborlang Shabong.
Explanation should be given to the villages that are still surrounded by forests.
He said that the reason why he (Bah Bindo) has delayed in applying for ticket is because since he sent a letter in June this year, but the leaders have not responded to him.
In another report, ISIS captured Ramadi last month and controlled all parts of it. by smugglers to destroy government buildings and military patrol posts.
He said that people from all over the world as well as central government ministers, as well as media companies like BBC, Instagram, Facebook, YouTube and others will attend.
In this match, although North Garo Hills has won, SGH has not been able to stand in the top spot from Zone 2 after winning two matches. games, while EGH has lost their past two games.
In this regard, he mentioned the Roof Top Solar Campaign among which there are up to 1 crore households who have not received electricity, and also earn about T.15,000 to T.18,000 per annum. die boarding to the government.
The Narendra Modi government intends to introduce a bill on the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code in the upcoming session of Parliament, media reported.
He said that it is not appropriate to talk on the phone, but he will explain when he arrives in Shillong as he is currently on his way to Pune.
Nongpoh, June 24: The demand for the cancellation of the MOU between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and the Chief Minister of Assam which was handed over to the Minister of Home Affairs of the Union Government has been heard. The reason is that many of the land of Meghalaya has been taken according to the MOU to go to Assam which the residents have strongly opposed.
During these two days, various programs such as skits and dramas were held at nine venues in Khliehriat and Ladrymbai, such as dramas, skits, traditional dances and Abhivyakti – The Red Show (Drama), was conducted by Rinibeth Patlong, Program Manager of Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA), Khliehriat. before the start of the Red Shows.
He said that the implementation of the JJM (Jal Jeewan Mission) scheme of the central government is one of the ways to help deliver water to the households which also helps from water shortage.
If we look at the history that during the Agriculture Era our ancestors lived, worked and lived in agriculture, this shows They were well versed in agriculture and after a while we came to the era of power, such as factories and others (industry or Industrial Revolution) where they created and built factories such as steel factories, automobiles and others.
The jain weaving centre, which was opened in 2012, has provided training to the people in the field of weaving from time to time according to the direction of the office.
“In fact, the Accountant General (Audit) officer found the loss of five items and it was the museologist who confirmed the loss of 54 items,” she said.
Since its inception until the past few years, it has not received any major assistance or scheme from the Meghalaya government.
