Meanwhile, the match between Khimusniang and Lumkyrwiang ended in a 0-0 draw.
This has put at risk the public, their families, health workers and therefore, those who have the disease and violate the rules, They are subject to the rules of the Meghalaya Epidemic Disease Regulations,
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) has demanded that the State Government should immediately withdraw the vacancy advertisement issued recently for the purpose of applying for vacancies in the State Police Department. stating that taking a decision to lower the age limit of applicants is unacceptable.
“According to the records I have received so far, it is Bah Julius Dorphang who has done very well for Mawhati, that is why even though he is in jail he has received so many votes,” said Bah Dasakhiat Lamare.
However, if anything happens, the law will take strict action,” said the DGP. When asked how the police did not receive any information.
The United States shot dead an Iranian military chief at an Iraqi airport on Tuesday, the report said.
Such people are the fools who turn away from what the angels fear, because while they educate people, they also make them hard hearted and indifferent brutes of society. -error.
“If we are humble, we know how to respect those who are older and when we know how to respect those who are older, then our humility and respect for our manners appears in front of the world,” concluded Father Hilarius. Lament.
According to sources, Bah Albinus has already joined the UDP in the past few days but the 21st will be the only day to welcome him to the party.
Bluit came out a young man, Who understood and saw far; Bahrit Metho from Mawsaw, To the world he revealed.
Sumar passed away on Tuesday night at his residence in Umroi, Labansaro, at the age of
Earlier, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that the delay in the VAB is due to the stinginess of the District Council which has not resolved the issues mentioned to be revised and that is why the VAB has not been revised. get approved.
Recently, many elephants have been smuggled from these areas to other states.
Others believe that different ethnic groups or tribes in Mesopotamia, such as the Jews, created laws and regulations to govern and regulate their lives among themselves and in relation to others. .
“We request you to take action on this demand of ours and the government so that the problem of teachers will be strong and the standard of education will improve,” said JACATAM sent to all the MLAs of the state.
Shillong, November 12: The Government through the district authorities has warned the shopkeepers who sell more than the prices written on those goods. always sell products according to the prices on their packaging.
However, the installation of the burning plant in Marten has not received permission from the neighboring village authorities or the Mawlai Town Dorbar or any Public Hearing has been held before the installation of the burning plant. trash.
Referring to a source, it was reported that the DC of the area has informed that the possession of forged documents by foreigners is one of the most serious crimes – which should be investigated thoroughly. by the state police department.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rymbai said that his departure from the Congress has no reason, but for personal reasons.
At least 12 people have been killed in an earthquake that struck Afghanistan and Pakistan on Tuesday.
At this ceremony, offerings were received from the faithful, which were a sign of gratitude to God who has blessed them so much.
This year, 2020, falls on the 2nd of June
On the other hand, the AITC has now had a good opportunity to criticize the NPP and the MDA government for not being in the Opposition by alleging that the government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma has not been able to provide services. rights to the people whether it is in the field of drinking water, roads, education, traffic jam, health and so on.
Shillong, July 7: The situation in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will change in the next few days. Others who came to support the People Democratic Forum led by the Congress party.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, Government of Meghalaya while MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Gavin Mylliemngap. MLA of Sohra Constituency as Chief Executive Officer.
The incident took place at the Code Center recognized by the NTA at Alpha English Higher Secondary School in Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District.
The head of the Civic Body said they had decided to clean up the bodies because there was no one to work for them.
“Only now I won't eat meat without it...” said the mother. After that they stopped talking about that subject.
“The Minister of Urban Affairs has said earlier that if he cannot do anything on the MUDA boundary crossing, he will resign as a government minister and will also resign as an MLA. “We have given him time within the 30th of this month to fulfill our demands otherwise he should respect what he said in front of the people,” said Gilbert G Laloo. .
This Act is still alive today because it was passed under the provisions of Article 372 which states “All laws in force at the time of the first commencement of the Constitution of India, if they are not against any part of the Constitution, shall continue in force unless amended, repealed or amended by Parliament".
The tournament started on the 10th and will be held at three venues in Delhi and will end on the 17th.
The money, which they have collected, is from 1.27 lakh depositors of the bank across India.
“In the past, there was a law that the Central Government cannot mine minerals in any place but the Supreme Court has repealed this law. It was decreed that the ownership of the land and the mineral resources shall belong to the land owners.
Mohammedan are an I-League club and it will be a difficult role for him because if the team adopts a new management system, it could be replaced at any time.
Chairman of the committee, Saleng A Sangma, said that in her article, Patricia used harsh words against the member of the Legislative Assembly.
The Carol procession started from the ground floor of the church and proceeded to Jaïaw Lansonalane, then to Chapel Road, Jaïaw Pdeng and ended at the Parish with a short Christmas Concert.
If we put 'ñiuh kseh in the pig pen for about ten years or two years and even if the pig sneezes or screams a little, the 'ñiuh kseh will not rot into manure.
He said that the entry and exit points that have been prepared now are for the roads but for the railway, it needs other means.
The deceased were from East Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, not only those who live in the world but also those who live in God are marsiang.
On the other hand, a student of Shillong Public School has developed an Earthquake Detector.
The monument was inaugurated by the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem in the presence of Bah LG Nongsiej Chairman of KHADC, Bah BB Warjri MDC Mawthadraishan, Bah Paiem. the Acting Syiem of Myriaw Hima, Aiborlang Singh Syiem, Bah BL Nonglait Sordar of Lawdisai, the Ministers, Priests of the Hima, the children of the thousands and others.
He said that his aim does not end here but he wants to improve his work and if possible, he wants to hold the KATC&ETM. as one of the best training centers for the youth in South West Khasi Hills District and others who have the spirit and desire to promote tourism in various ways.
In Mawprem, Jaiaw constituency, the fiercest contest is between former KSU President Paul Lyngdoh of the UDP and former General Secretary of the Congress, Auguster Jyrwa.
Sangma said the NPP's mission is to reach across India, wherever there is a need for leaders.
During the training, we were taught how to shoot rifles, LMGs (LMGs), knives, hand bombs and others.
Then the kingdom of Israel was defeated by the Assyrian army.
He praised Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit for writing this book and said that God has two callings for Pastor that is to serve the work of God and to serve the community. .
Replying to the Mawryngkneng Police Station's failure to register the complaint lodged by the HITO against 18 trucks, the DGP said that he will seek an answer from the police station on the reasons for the failure to register. ban register advertising.
Of course, it is possible that if this political party from the north comes to power in our state, we can get that income and in other areas of society.
It may be recalled that the murder of this class IX student happened on 16th November
“It is not easy to say, 'yes' I will contest,” said Bah Kynta and added, “I have to understand the mindset of the people.
The Electoral Registration Officer, 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency said that the draft electoral roll has been prepared according to the Registration of Electors (Second Amendment) Rules, roll at the office of the Electors Registration Officer, 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency.
The authorities of West Garo Hills District have taken seriously this disease and have taken measures to eradicate this terrible disease.
Police also saw that they were standing along the road from Raj Bhavan to Upper Shillong, where vehicles, which wanted to stop, were quickly stopped, which prevented them from parking. at all with this, it disrupted commuters and commercial vehicles.
Wansiewdor Nengnong scored the first goal in the 21st and 90+3 minutes, Basuklang Bina in the 45+2nd minute and Knerktilang Buam in the 45th minute. goals in the 58th and 63rd minutes.
The cricket tournament was inaugurated by Bah Johnfilter Lyngdoh, District President of NPYF as the chief guest. In the presence of Bah Bakhaiñ Nongsiej, Secretary, Mawten Sports Club, the village elders, leaders and members of the Mawten Sports Club.
When asked about the decision of the Union Government, Mondal said, “On the other hand, the Union Minister of Electricity RK Singh has promised to examine the demands of the State Governments of the North East and will soon meet with them. The National Conference will be held to discuss how to proceed”.
Regarding West Garo Hills District, Dr War said that the outbreak started in the plains of West Garo Hills District, especially in Tikrikila.
This shows that the police do not respect the offer of the village to cooperate in this regard.
Roning Nongkynrih, a truck driver from Jalynteng village in East Khasi Hills District, together with his brother, were on their way from Laitlyngkot to put their cows in a nearby area. Pynursla when they encountered a BSF truck which pulled them over and stopped a few meters in front of them.
They can also register online through it and this will be effective from 31st January.
It was witnessed that the entry of water into the homes of the people has caused a lot of trouble to the people in their livelihood and sleep.
• This scheme will generate an additional Rs 5000 crore income generation to benefit 2 crore farmers.
Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, Ministry of Health; Dr A. Mawlong, Head Radiation Oncology, Civil Hospital Shillong and other dignitaries attended the programme.
If they are bad habits, they will destroy our lives gradually and destroy us forever one day.
“At the National Conference in New Delhi, I urged the Central Government to set up an Institute in Shillong to assist the State Governments of the North East to discuss the measures to be taken. “It is to start turning to solar, wind and thermal,” said Mondal.
The music video 'Mera Dil' is produced by Rangbah Jamberson R. Marak who is also the Tyngshop and Bhanita Das from Assam as the Puron.
Referring to the participation of the AITC MPs in raising issues related to Meghalaya, the AITC MP said, “We have brought all the issues related to Meghalaya in Parliament. He also asked what other national parties have done in relation to issues affecting Meghalaya. Show the works that other political parties have spoken in the Legislative Assembly relating to Meghalaya.
The General Manager admitted that there is a problem on the part of BSNL, but now they will build 51 towers across the state and this will improve the mobile networks belonging to BSNL. He said that private companies will compete only in areas where there is income but BSNL is to provide telephones to all the villages in Meghalaya as BSNL is working for the development of the development of the country as a whole.
From time to time, the residents of the border areas have appealed to the government to resolve this issue, although the Meghalaya government has also paid attention and done this but they have stopped talking while the work has not been done. shym fulfilled.
Akshay Kumar, Kiara Advani, Diljit Dosanjh and Kareena Kapoor's Good Newwz has grossed Rs 78.40 crore at the cinemas in four days of its release. the movie.
In a statement sent by the HYC leaders, they questioned the District authorities of Ri Bhoi District and the state government, how Assam has been able to implement any development works in these areas. If Meghalaya intends to deliver development works to these villages, most of them are stopped by Assam, that is, since they intend to build schools, they council house and others.
At the same time, he said that programs like YESS Meghalaya provide more support to the youth and also at this time of drug trafficking, the government requests for your cooperation to guide the youth to the wrong way.
The Congress also promised to improve trade on the border with India's bordering countries like Bangladesh and others to boost the income of the people.
As mentioned above, forests help to retain rainwater (known as Natural Rain Water Harvesting).
The day is celebrated as an opportunity to gain support and protect the language and culture of all deaf people and others who use it.
“The NGT ban on coal mining, the issue of influx of people into the state, are the information spread by the opposition against the party-led government.
Like those people every night, men and women dance in the streets with the playing of ksing ki dhah.
" “When a complaint is received and registered, the case will proceed and the investigation will continue.
By enforcing this rule, the Magistrate has banned the burning of rnga and has also banned the sale and transportation of rnga throughout the Eastern West Khasi Hills.
They were expelled after a member of the ABVP accused them of converting people.
The two Nongkwator fled and escaped.
“Secularism, Unity in Diversity”.
You see that the people are poor and hungry, you feed them only with bread and vegetables.
These three states have been the leaders in the North East to join hands in India's efforts to embrace electric transport.
Also present on the occasion were Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh, Sanbor Shullai, RV Lyngdoh, Frantin M Lakdong and others.
The king's court included ministers, priests, basan and others.
According to a statement issued by the Home (Political) Department of the State Government, the committee will be headed by the Minister of State Dr.M.Ampareen Lyngdoh as Chairperson and 11 members including U.S. Zenith M. Sangma of the All India Congress Committee (AITC), Himalaya Shangpliang of the BJP, Augstine Marak of the Garo National Council (GNC), Methodius Dkhar of the HSPDP, Ronnie V. Lyngdoh of the Garo National Council (GNC). Congress, KHNAM Dr. WR Kharlukhi from NPP, Renikton Tongkhar from UDP, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit from VPP, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang and Commissioner & Secretary /Secretary of Personnel & AR (B).
Bah Melam Rangad from Laban has joined the BJP and this has strengthened the political party in the state.
Shillong: The employees of the Press Trust of India (FPT) will strike tomorrow, March 1, against the dismissal of 297 employees of the newspaper. throughout India.
“Bah Muksor has admitted that he went to the house of Kong Mera together with Bah Pohshna to ask for support for Charles Wilson Muksor to contest as an Independent candidate from Ummulong Moodymmai Constituency. Hills in the MDC elections to JHADC to be held on the 27th of this month.
In a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, the union expressed its concern about the struggle of the Khasi people, which has continued for 76 years, through the invasion of foreigners, in the economy and income generation. They also violated three social agreements, including the Annexed Agreement, the Instrument of Accession approved by the Government of India and the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST). by the Government of India, in June 2012, written to the Ministry of Home Affairs and Tribal Affairs, in which it was approved to incorporate the Annexed Agreement into the Constitution of India. has been rejected by the Government of India and the State Government and in violation of Article 338A of the Constitution.
The Federation of Khasi States has been looking for this letter for many years, but it has not been found yet.
“Now if the Congress says that the TMC has not waited and has gone ahead to announce 42 candidates in West Bengal, I believe we have to remember the fact that the Congress has not taken a decision and what's agreed," he said.
According to the residents of the village, they have not been living in peace until now because of the fear of this electricity line which keeps burning especially during the rainy season.
Forty policemen were injured in the shooting during the raid, and 42 civilians were injured in the attack.
Out of these 11 cases, one died today at Jowai Civil Hospital in Ialong.
In particular, the union issues this statement to all the shops involved in food and beverage especially the shops of foreigners that if they find that the shops are not clean they cannot provide and also without proper documents. The Education Secretary of the union, Bah Steward Malngiang, said that the union will not allow them to operate their shops and will close them down.
Nongpoh: Ka Kong I. Lynshing, President of the Border Welfare Committee, has been arrested by a foreigner, the owner of a Dhaba known as NEEPA Dhaba, while she was with a woman. The members of the committee are planning to raid the Dhaba in Khanapara, which is suspected to be used by the owner of the Dhaba as an Awria camp.
“I'll call you Bahnah too.
This is the statement of the Gen Secretary.
He said the department is taking care of the seized cows until the auction.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah JA Lyngdoh admitted that the Congress has decided to win 7 to 8 seats in Garo Hills.
We are ready for whatever happens and for the sake of the future generation we are ready to sacrifice our lives just to live peacefully for the country and the nation.
Nongpoh: After receiving many complaints from the people, who have been severely affected during these days of strike, the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Seng Kmie, has come forward to demand that The state government should immediately resolve the issue with the drivers of commercial vehicles, so that the people will not face any problems in coming and going.
In fact, if they knew that it was no longer working, they should have returned it immediately, but they were wasting time.
Shillong: U N Chandan Deb, Shillong, on Tuesday, at 1.30 pm, has lodged a complaint against his Alto-800 car, ML-05K-9445, at RR Colony, Rynjah, Shillong.
MUKUL SANGMA, Chief MinisterOther portfolios which were not allocated to any other Ministers, Commerce & Industries Department – ​​Agriculture Department – ​​Finance Department – ​​Mining & Geology Department – ​​Personnel & A.R.Department – ​​Planning Department – ​​Tourism DepartmentROWELL LYNGDOH, Deputy Chief MinisterAdministrative Department – Home (Passport) Department – ​​Law Department – ​​Soil & Water Conservation Department – ​​Water Resources DepartmentROYTRE CHRISTOPHER LALOO,Deputy Chief Minister, School Education and Literacy, Higher and Technical Education, Re-organization Public Health Engineering Department – ​​Revenue & Disaster Management DepartmentH. DONKUPAR R.LYNGDOHMinister Cooperation Department – ​​District Council Affairs Department – ​​General Administration Department – ​​Transport DepartmentPRESTONE TYNSONG, Minister Border Areas Development Department – ​​Community & Rural Development Department – ​​Forests & Environment Department – ​​Parliamentary Affairs DepartmentDEBORAH C MARAK,bandry Department Minister Animal Printing & Stationery Department – ​​Secretariat Administration Department – ​​Social Welfare DepartmentALEXANDER LALOO HEK, MinisterRegistration and Stamps, Health & Family Welfare Department – ​​Information & Public Relations Department – ​​Information Technology Department,ROSHAN WARJRI, Minister PWD (Buildings)Home – Home (Jails) Department (Police) Department, ZENITH M.SANGMA, MinisterExcise, Housing Department – ​​Sericulture & Weaving Department – ​​Sports & Youth Affairs DepartmentMAZEL AMPAREEN LYNGDOH, MinisterMunicipal Administration, Labor Department – ​​Urban Affairs Department.
At that time, Kong Ranee, who is the Magistrate, tried to stop the people who were in the area and requested them not to create trouble because no one was allowed to leave. She also requested to allow the employees of these winestore to carry away their goods; However, in the middle of this speech, there was another stir in which the people tried to attack the Sordar of the village, but due to the inability of some of the elders, they were able to stop him. noh of this incident.
After the protest from the residents and civil society groups over the land grabbing in one of the areas in Mawlangria, Mawiawtep village of Rambrai area, the government has admitted and alleged that the land grabbing has turned colour. District Inspector of West Khasi Hills under the leadership of Bah R Kharkongor, EAC of WKH in the presence of Circle Inspector of Nongstoin GK Sangma on Tuesday visited the area.
Dr Sangma said the meeting will discuss whether the government will pass a new ordinance for the village authorities or whether it will leave it alone until the ordinance dies after six months.
Ahmed Zaki, one of the family members of a patient, who threw himself from the top of the door to escape, said that the flames of the fire were too fast to spread from one place to another. another.
Along with this campaign, the mantra of “Swachch Kaal: Amrit Kaal” will be chanted and a protest program will be held through Jan Bhagidari.
You want to know what God is like? “Lift up your eyes on high, and see who has created these things? Isaiah 40:12–26.
· The second phase of the Khelo India University Games (KIUG) was held at 5 venues including Jain University, Bengaluru, Karnataka from 24.04.2022 to
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong in collaboration with the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, as part of the celebration of the National Girl Child Day The Run For The Girl Child 2020 will be held on the 24th July, 2020 which started from VIP Gate JN Sports Complex, Shillong at 6.30 pm and ended at the same venue with a distance of 4.85 KM. About 100 women runners under the age of 18 years took part in this race.
Shillong: Congress party spokesperson Zenith Sangma on Tuesday alleged that Sanjay A Sangma, son-in-law of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, is involved in the management of the violation of toll collection on NH-6
“Therefore, the teachers are sorry for the negligence of the Government and their sitting on the streets the Government has not looked at and has not listened to,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Difference Matters.
He said that the departure of one of the ARPA members was urgent and has upset the ARPA, but the ARPA does not want the CEM to leave.
O Syiems and Nongsynshar Hima-Sima on the Garo borders, be careful and judge carefully and don't allow the Garo Khar to settle on your lands so that they may later leave for the Garo countries. .
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the election will be held on 19th April
He said that a policy is needed not only to appoint Acting but to implement according to the law and not to do politics but to elect or appoint local people.
Antonio's reply came after Rona asked whether the KHADC still has any plans to hold the Monolith Festival this year. When asked when it will be held, the answer was from 31st October, 2016 to 2nd June,
The HNLC supports the demand of the KSU from SWKH to immediately release our paradoh parasnam without any demand for money or injury.
After this announcement, the Ministers of Mylliem Hima have gone to inspect and send the niut ki nier to the shopkeepers who are spreading the nier. and he began to cry again.
However, there are those who are disappointed and disappointed that not a single Khasi group in those years did not dare to think of finding ways to cooperate with the Raij Sumer or Raij Mawbuh for the purpose of maintaining, maintaining and developing the country. and he set the city round about the mount of Olives.
Shillong: A tourist taxi driver was shot dead by robbers in Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills this morning.
Ranju Alex, Area Vice President – ​​South Asia, Marriott International, said, “We are delighted to expand our presence in the North East by opening the Courtyard by Marriott Shillong. The hotel offers deluxe and luxury suites across India. The hotel offers deluxe and luxury suites.
Many other countries such as Indonesia and Malaysia have planted these oil palm trees and have found that the soil has lost all its fertility and these trees are overwatered.
Before the wreath laying ceremony, a 1 minute silence was held by the leaders of the two organizations. There were also speeches by the President of FKJGP Mawlai. HYC Mawlai President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh gave a speech.
It is a zoo in the town of La Puebla de Valverde, Aragon, 125 miles [200 km] east of Madrid.
All the speakers said that HIV can be prevented if the public cooperates and encourages them to go for testing at health centers to get medicines.
Georginio Wijnaldum scored in the 52nd minute, Wout Weghourst in the 58th minute and Denzel Dumfries in the 85th minute.
It is understood that the meeting will not be held at Motphran or even at Student Square, but at another venue, where it may be held at Jaiaw or Mawlai. It will be a place where the police will not be allowed to enter and leave at will and this is not to allow any attempt to arrest the Sengbhalang leaders. They are expected to attend the public meeting on Saturday at 11am.
Apart from the Northeast Olympic Games, which is a tournament for the youth of the North East to showcase their talents, many other tournaments are held. only to please the guests.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 14: The Seng Samla Hima Langrin (SSHL) has expressed its deep sorrow over the delay of the District Council in responding to the demands of the children of the thousands of Hima Langrin. The Langrin Hima has come forward to explain to the people about this issue through public rallies held in two places. on July 16 and 17, 2023.
DC RM Kurbah, IAS District Magistrate, Shillong, said that Section 144 CrPC has been enacted to curb illegal quarrying of stone and sand in the hillsides, quarrying of sand in the rivers and This law shall not apply to the whole District until another law is issued.
In the past six months alone, downloads have reached 200 million and there are millions of players every day.
Shillong, Nailur 30: A member of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) was shot dead in a shootout with police in East Garo Hills today.
The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Giri Prasad today issued an order under the Central Motor Vehicle Rules 1989 U/S , 138 and 138(4)(c ) that all types of vehicles shall install these types of plastics on vehicles known as radium reflectors.
They can blame the High Command in Delhi but this is not the basis.
In the Under-16 men's category, St. Anthony's won six gold and one silver medals, while in the women's category, Garo Union School won five gold medals. and one glass.
The incident happened yesterday at noon, as soon as the body of the child was found hanging on the tyllai phasi, it shocked many people in the village, because At the time of the incident, no one saw or knew, until his body was found in the afternoon.
Conrad K. Sangma also acknowledged the need for roads to connect from one place to another. He said that the government has a goal to provide roads in every part of the country. Referring to the need for roads in Ri Bhoi, he said that up to T.85 crore has been allocated for the maintenance of the Umsning-Jagiroad road, although there are still many needs in Ri Bhoi. which will improve the roads, but it is difficult for this government which has only 9 Months to do all these things.
The region has seen many opportunities in local businesses that can solve many problems which also include unemployment and lack of national visibility of the region’s culture and heritage.
The indigenous people gave to the mynder the land and shyiap, with the joy of eating plan, drinking kyiad, drinking kani – kynja, except for working lyng kha – risai to earn a living.
This has happened because many of the people in the villages don't have enough food to eat for the whole year. They came to ask the shopkeepers to help them to get rice to cook, and this evening I found that the shops that used to sell rice in Namdong, Khanduli and other neighboring villages don't have rice anymore because They don't have enough stock, so they can't provide for the people who come to ask for them because they don't have enough food to sell in the shops. request the village leaders to look into such households and provide information to the authorities so that they can take the necessary action so that the people can receive timely assistance.
Francis said he believes in theocracy and not democracy.
Furthermore, the authorities have been informed of this incident so that they can take the necessary action.
He said the aim of the fair is to open up opportunities for Self Help Groups to showcase their talents through handicrafts and to sell them.
If there is anything to think about, it is that the youth should participate in khadar governance and issues affecting their livelihood should be at the forefront of the Government's work.
Secy, M.Pde-Executive Member, M.Wahlang-Executive Member, and SNGITHIANG UNIT-R.Syiemlieh-Genl.
Speaking on the performance of the government, Bah Adelbert said that his speech against the government is not only now that the elections are near but also from the first days when he was asked to speak.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has distributed food items including rice, flour and dai to the poor families in Laskein Block.
He said that it is necessary to strengthen the factory to make it functional to provide services to the employees and the needs of the people of the state.
“I was an MLA from 2008 to 2018 and I found that during my time too, the present government took action, called a meeting of all political parties and many ways “To claim that it is only the MDA Government that has done the work of resolving the border, I don't think it is right.
Admitting that the Council does not have a proper recruitment policy, Bah Nongrum said it is not too late for the Council to create a new path in this regard.
Shillong: A meeting between the government and the opposition was held today, chaired by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly. other government ministers and MLAs from the government and opposition as well.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has been in power for three years since its formation in 2018 under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma from the NPP. PDF, HSPDP, BJP, NCP, KHNAM and independent MLAs.
“This letter has invited the party to a meeting of political parties tomorrow at 2:30 pm,” said the MLA. , has decided to attend the meeting because the committee set up by the Government has agreed to discuss the issue that the party wants – 'Reservation Policy'
Shillong: The North Eastern Council (NEC) has approved T.11 crore for the construction and renovation of the Ïewduh, the oldest Khasi market in the state.
Shillong, July 01: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Mawkyrwat Circle and the UDP have fully supported the nomination of the incumbent MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Renikton L. Tongkhar. of the UDP in the 2023 Assembly elections.
As is the custom, before the public welcome, the Sohblei of the Mawroh clan, climbed on top of the sad iing sunon house to welcome Satep. Smit under the leadership of the Sordar of Smit, Bah Pynshongdor L.Nongbri, who witnessed that even in the midst of the heavy rainfall, as scheduled, the To accomplish the task, the people have stirred up their hands and feet and to work together as a team from the cleaning by cleaning the pring, to collecting the old trees, then to to cut the threads, to cut the siej, and so on, under the supervision of the elders, who were experienced and knowledgeable about this work.
There was also a special honor for women over 70 years of age.
This is the part where they can think about Heaven, where all have the hope of resting.
According to his father, Bah Ale Khongjoh, he is from Ri War area and came to Ri Bhoi to farm at Mawpdang Saiden village. He said that yesterday he went to the farm where the house was used to watch the farm work and because he did not come home as he had promised to come back to the farm. He was arrested after he went to work yesterday. His family members after they could not call him and did not return home, went to look for him and found that he had died. said his father, Bah Ale Khongjoh.
The number of cases of covid-19 in Britain has risen to 20,000 today, the second time in two consecutive days that the number of cases has risen to 20,0 The death toll has decreased significantly, which is believed to be due to the rapid implementation of the vaccine.
Khliehriat: The MPUF-EJHD (MPUF-EJHD) today sent a statement to the President of the MPUF-EJHD (MPUF-EJHD). The KSU is ready to support the KSU at any time if the country and the nation are increasingly under attack by foreigners.
In response, the State Government has informed that the poor women have refused to go for treatment at the hospitals for fear of being infected with Covid-19 and the testing of Covid-19, which has led to the deaths of 877 children and 61 poor mothers.
However, the former KSU leader has nothing to do with it.
In the Tug of War, Wailong Youth Church defeated Sutnga Youth Church.
Ankita Sharma took one wicket for 16 runs while Monica Phawa took two wickets.
Suchen said that many vehicles have been stolen batteries and he suspects that those arrested are highway robbers, who used to be Muslims from Silchar.
The JYF said the decision to hold the rally was taken after the Education Minister and the state government did not show any signs whether these children will be accepted or rejected.
The Supreme Court has heard the appeals of Pragyan Pradip Sharma, Junior Luwang and Governor Kaur and decided to issue a written statement on the case.
The government has received the report of the inquiry from Justice T Vaiphei and submitted it to the Legislative Assembly last year.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said the government has a vision to transform Shillong into a modern city especially in terms of traffic jam.
On the occasion of Father's Day, Robert Romawia Royte, who was elected from Aizawl East-2 Assembly Constituency, on Tuesday announced that the father and mother, who have the highest number of children, In this constituency, they will receive a buskit of T.1 lakh.
The defendants were reminded that all citizens have the right to make constructive comments on any case. The order was issued by Judge W. Diengdoh and Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Remington has won twice as MLA from the constituency but in 2018 for many reasons he joined the NPP and contested from the constituency. you party.
He said that as shilan, the doctors here issue health certificates to take these cows to the places where they should be delivered and this was done in accordance with the Prevention on Cruelty Act.
Lyngkhoi is a very cold village and therefore they are requested to bring warm clothes to wear and sleeping bags.
Some of the shopkeepers expressed their happiness that they will be able to elect a leader to look after the problems of the people of the constituency.
The KHADC has directed all the Rangbah Shnongs, Myntri Shnongs, Sordar Shnongs, Headmans and Matabors to obtain the Sanad from the Syiems as stipulated in the Act and Rules of the KHADC. Hima/Area.
My Eicher is the first digital platform that connects Eicher Trucks and Buses with owners, operators, drivers, dealers and service providers.
Shillong, July 3: The smuggling of coal from India to Bangladesh via Dawki area has been suspended for a day due to the flooding of the Weight Bridge at Tamabil.
She also recalled that on October 5, 2021, the program was scheduled to be held, which was a planned event two years ago.
• The shields will be as follows:• 50% assistance in transportation from bulk to less markets.
“The State Government has demanded that I attend the meeting on 30th November, while the MHA on the other hand, has invited all the senior leaders of the HNLC to attend the meeting. " don't say.
Therefore, if you don't treat it, it will affect the rootstock and it won't grow anymore.
The CEM of KHADC said that the shops that will be allowed to open will be only those shops which fall under the list of essential goods while the shops selling goods that cannot be obtained outside the government market. it should not yet be opened.
It got stuck in our minds.
Shillong, Lber 13: The teachers of Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School Mawlai have to thank the Principal of the school if they want to get their salaries.
Many churches have gone to sing on All India Radio, Shillong since its opening on
On 24th June, a vehicle accompanied by NEEPCO Director Major General Rajesh Kumar Jha was hit by a petrol bomb in Demthring.
Easy to say ‘stupid people’ or ‘stupid town’.
Shillong: The Umiam Bridge, which used to be covered with colour, will be covered with dewbilat, according to experts from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT Guwahati).
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong Herman Dohtdong, the Assistant Rangbah Shnong AR Manih and the elders.
The non-functioning of two newly opened blocks by the government last year (2022) in Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency has prompted several leaders of Rambrai area under the leadership of Aicifull Khar Muslim has met with Deputy Commissioner (DC) West Khasi Hills District to seek clarification on the matter.
Everyone has a Sap and a Phong, It depends on how to achieve it; Whether he is from the city or the countryside, he was not born to be a Nongkhrong.
In the mixed team, South West Khasi Hills District and West Jaintia Hills District are in the mixed team.
Amit Shah, 50, has received great honor for his hard work and victory for the BJP in the last MP elections in Uttar Pradesh under his leadership.
Also present on the occasion were Shanlang Marwein, CEC Member, Banisha Nongsiej, HYC Women's Wing Member, Bhaboklang Sohshang, President of the Circle, members of the HYC Women's Wing, parents and others.
He urged the government authorities to take action and turn their attention to the area so that it will be for the benefit of the people.
These leaders did not specify when asked how many MLAs they have at present, and whether they have enough majority to form the Government.
He said the committee should be registered with the office of the Divisional Forest Officer.
However, the findings of the PAC and the findings of the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Deborah C. Marak, today, the Minister of Agriculture, Deborah C. Marak, They were accompanied by the MLA of the area who is also the Symbud Chief Minister Dr RC Laloo, MLAs from Jaintia Hills including Bah Robinus Syngkon, Bah Stephenson Mukhim and others. The head of the department includes the Joint Director, Dr. (Mrs.) W. Papang.
“Phewse, this age of ours is fighting against other nations.
According to MDhar SE PWD (R) Western Circle, the road collapsed inside Nongshram Ading village before reaching the center of Nongshram West Khasi Hills. District.
“Just having won the most votes doesn't mean that small parties don't have a role in politics but they have a big role to play,” he said.
No one has died today from those infected.
She said that there has been no action by the relevant authorities whether they are police or government officials in accordance with the Mines and Mineral (Development and Regulation) rules. Act, 1957 on the illegal collection and transportation of coal.
Today is the first day of the Le iaw Day when the Raij children brought the Symbood Khnong from Urkhla and placed him at Lum Soiung Jowai.
Siddharth Kumar Ambedkar will be the new SP of East Garo Hills in Williamnagar while Abraham T Sangma will be the new SP of South Garo Hills in Baghmara.
When asked whether he has any hope of defeating Prestone Tynsong, MLA who has won four terms, Manbha said, “As the VPP came out to bring about change and as the people do not “Only Pynursla wants change and I don't doubt that the people will give their answer on the 2nd,” he said.
Lajong opened the scoring in the 18th minute through a mistake by Malki.
“Through the work that the State Government under the leadership of the NPP has done for the welfare of the people and the State as a whole.
The HNLC said this is an attempt to transform India from a democratic country to a dictatorship through religion, through its ideology according to Hindutva and to bring about a Hindu Rashtra.
Kurbah told me and my husband, the former MLA, not to build the well,” said Kong Kharpuri.
In the second match between Lumparing SC and Maw U-Tieng SC, Inrilaidor Khongthaw opened the scoring with 10 goals for Lumparing SC. In the 35th minute and by the end of the first half, Lumparing took a 1-0 lead.
On the other hand, the residents of Phulbari and Bhaitbari recently protested against the appointment of Rashidur Islam as Lot Mondol for the area on the allegation that he was involved in illegal activities.
On the part of the Department C&RD, which deals specifically with the people living in the rural areas, a lot of money has been transferred through the Blocks which are looked after by the Block Development Officers (BDOs).
However, in life it is like this: when others are needed, you have to provide for them, when you don't need them anymore, give them only the name you have been given.
The Deputy Commissioner of EWKHD, Bah Wilfred Nongsiej, was the chief guest in the presence of the BDO of Mawthadraishan Block. L.Myrthong as the Chief Guest, S&HH KVK WKHD, Lakyntiew Warjri, DDM of NABARD, P. Nongkynrih, Dr Ereneus K Marbaniang, SMS Extension of KVK and the farmers of this area.
The purpose of this program is to protect the environment from mankind's destruction.
The new education policy is not yet complete.
The protest was led by RBYF President LK Sawkmie, RBYF Vice President Amberlight Masharing, HNYF Secretary Northern Zone. and other leaders of other political parties along with women from Bhoirymbong.
However, among these, only the Techno Global University, which was approved in 2008, has not been operational to date.
Noting that the investigation department of the Meghalaya Police is strong, but in relation to this incident, Dr. Mukul said, “If the police had received information that (Bah Cheris ) is inside his house with his wife and children, do you expect the police to not know whether there are members of the HNLC?
If anyone has encountered such a situation, they should come forward to the Union for help,” said one student.
At the same time, Samla Kynjaimon Amse, urged all the people who used to talk only on Whatsapp on Social Media and said that this time they too should leave Whatsapp and leave. Don't talk on the stage and don't just talk on social media.
Furthermore, to develop agriculture in order to feed the people of the state, to strengthen markets in order to increase trade and income of the people, to create opportunities. for the workers to be able to work, to support their families and children.
He said that police suspect that the perpetrators are a gang of foreign gangs who commit robbery in collusion with robbers from Shillong.
He said the party demands the dropping of the cases registered against its leaders and members including the central and state governments.
Bah Kharkongor urged to turn to the history of Tirot Singh, and urged the students to research more about this hero of the country and to write and preserve stories according to the modern technology which is known as a digital repository to understand. in all respects about Tirot Singh.
God said to Moses, “I have surely seen the affliction of my people which is in Egypt, and have heard their groaning, and am come down to deliver them. to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them up out of that land unto a good and great land, unto a land flowing with milk and honey.
However, the Women's team in the first year has started to improve and the team has reached the bottom of the Indian Women's League last year.
Chairman of the Village Employment Council (VEC), Bah A War, said that in 2016, the village had applied for permission from the PWD to allow the construction of a footpath from the PWD land. The PWD has issued a written permission to build the road.
The next match of the tournament will be played tomorrow 28th March between Khimusniang and Mukhla Raij SC at 2 pm.
He said he would also respond to Dr Mukul's letter on the transfer. “The answer I will give is that it has been done as it is the government's responsibility to do,” he said.
-I-9856622858′′ by anonymous people who admin this page as “Satan Ba ​​Pawnam- This Facebook Account/Page has written and published -Ka Sur u Myndie Ri the nation.
After searching, police found that the phone number was used by Khajin Haloi, 38, resident of Koriabijolighat.
Good Friday is the day to commemorate the death of Jesus on the first Thursday after the fourth full moon in the sky.
Pool B includes teams from Oman, Korea, Malaysia, Bangladesh and Uzbekistan.
According to the party leaders, issues such as ILP, border, threat to the nation, violence and the Instrument of Accession, among others will be issues in talks with the governments.
On the other hand, the CoMSO said that as a sign of cooperation with the State Government and to allow the government to fulfill its promise, the CoMSO has decided to temporarily suspend the protests.
We cannot live alone and we need each other.
There was famine and terrible devastation because of the plague.
Margaret Pathaw from Umsning, Ri-Bhoi District, who represented India at the 43rd World Arm Wrestling Championship 2022 in Antalya, Turkey, has become the world champion after defeating Santos. Anna from Brazil won the gold medal in the Master Class Women 60kg Left Hand category and the silver medal in the Right Hand category.
With your welcome on this occasion, it will be a great help for those who are looking for jobs, and the people themselves will be very grateful to you and the government,” said Bah Donbok. through a letter.
Nadal is currently hoping to win a record 15th title at the French Open in June, but his injury, which he has suffered since the tournament in Aus. Open, without fail, has disrupted this year's tournament.
Besides, the PWD has already handed over the final work orders to 40 contractors but they have not yet started.
Tens of thousands of people from all over the Western Synod, as well as from other Synods, attended the Synod.
The film is produced by Kitrina Nongrum, edited by Roping Lawriniang, financed by Bantei Sawkmie and composed by Ram Suchiang.
The tournament began with a 10 minute silence to pay tribute to Deenadayalan Vishwa, a Tamil Nadu athlete who passed away in a car accident at Shangbangla on Sunday. , Ri-Bhoi District while he was on his way to Shillong to take part in this tournament.
Those who are more skilled will be invited not only in their own country but also in other states and will get the price they demand.
Shillong: The Customs Department (HPT) today seized heroin from a truck (UP 53 ET 2607) from the Shillong Bye-Pass in Mawryngkneng.
Although water is abundant on Earth and supports the lives of us human beings, it is one of the resources that is not equal in availability or availability. it is not uniform in terms of income, because it is unevenly according to the socially and geographically location of the income.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the state government has allowed the opening of markets once a day in the border areas.
Shillong, Lber 23: The scrutiny of the nomination papers of the candidates for the Shillong and Tura Parliamentary constituencies will be held tomorrow.
It is said, therefore, that she cannot claim to be a Garo, just because she is married to a Garo or to her children as well.
He stressed that this practice will continue as usual and said that at present there are only 295 Anglo-Indians in the country. Lok and Rajya Sabha but the Central Government has not continued the allocation of quotas to them.
In the 21K Elite category, the first, second and third place winners received cash prizes of T.1,50,000, T.1,00,000 and T. 50,000 and the fourth and fifth place winners received cash prizes of T.40,000 and T.20,0
The Opposition Leader said that the land procurement scam is another case that the NPP-BJP-led MDA has committed among others, such as the Subhagaya scam, the smart meter scam and The collapse of the Dome of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
The UTD leader also requested those who came to take part in the festival to cooperate with the village, and not to cause any trouble, so that the festival can be held. it will be fun and enjoyable for all participants.
Up to 93788 people have been infected in the past few years but 92191 people have recovered.
This is not the action of the government by the decision of the leaders but by the consultation with the officers and health workers of the state.
Shillong: Women clash with police at Mission Compound: Rupang.
“Ka seng demands that all the areas affected by the collapse should be repaired immediately, to improve the narrower areas along the road from Weiloi, Mawsynram, Balat and Ranikor.
“I would like to clarify that T.5.98 crore has been allocated from the 13th Finance Commission,” said Bah Syiem, Chairman of KHUDA. Consultant because he has not yet visited the work at the site.
At this meeting, all the members requested the Government to increase and renew the wages, to adjust the prices of materials due to the increase in prices, to release funds on time, to allow The Block to clean up and implement the roads, to improve the convergence methods and the need to restructure the deployment methods from various departments to the Block which is a burden on the Block. work in the Block.
Shillong: Three persons, including a former militant, have been arrested by the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) for allegedly plotting to revive the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA). Singsam K Marak, 40, of Resubelpara, a former member of the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA).
Young people between the ages of 15 to 30 years, constituting about 31 per cent of the state's population, are a major contributor to economic growth and development in in society.
He said that the government should have introduced good working methods to develop the people such as the development of agriculture, tourism and others, not to introduce vacancies to create jobs.
On the other hand, the complainants in the application submitted to the court of three judges including the Chief Justice of the HC, Justice Sanjib Banarjee, Justice HS Thangkhiew and Justice W Diengdoh. The illegal mining and smuggling of coal is still going on today.
Ecuador's Enner Valencia scored both goals.
“Our Government has introduced schemes for women looking at all aspects of their lives,” he said, adding that initiatives like Beti Bachao Beti Padhao, their own toilets for girls in schools, PM Awas Yojana, opening of Sainik Schools and Defense Academy, 70% Mudra loan by women, assistance to self-help groups and Narishakti Vandan Adhiniyam lives have been changed now.
There are many ways to prepare for Easter, but there is another old man who thinks that he can cook chicken for Easter in a different way. and which is also of benefit to science.
However, the people have to come to the VPP, because they understand that it has a new vision and thinking, in order to bring about clean governance and fair and transparent services for the country. and the nation.
Such words are suitable if written or read without hyphens, but in the way the language is used in writing, it is up to the linguists to provide it.
At this juncture, I understand that whether we work together or not, the people of Sohiong are wise to choose.
Preparations in Tura have been completed to welcome the President of India to open the Meghalaya Games 2024 and the people of Tura are excited to welcome him. the President.
The order was issued by the Meghalaya government after the Assam government also banned the use of drinking water.
This same human nature today the spirit of Judas works in all people many are blind to the truth because of money like Judas.
However, many people when they talk about God understand only one thing and that is that God is love, of course God is love. He is love, but we forget this one thing that God is also a God of mercy, in which the Word of God clearly states in Exodus 20:5 “For I am the Lord your God. I am a slow God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me. quick to be angry with those who hate and do not believe and trust in him.
The family members of the deceased have reported the incident to Ladrymbai Outpost.
The HYC Riwar Mihngi has congratulated the SDO of Civil Sub Division Pynursla, Bah Hynniewta for accepting the suggestion of the HYC to hold a temporary market after the temporary closure of the Pynursla Market due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The lockdown has been imposed for 2 months.
I said further that the expenses can be diverted from other Government departments which are still waiting, unlike this infectious disease, which does not wait for anyone.
The campaign was led by the Director General of Police, Dr. LR Bishnoi.
It was also purchased without the permission of the authorities.
And the man doesn't have the power, he doesn't have the right, he doesn't have the right to “Tuklar” or he doesn't have the right to “NAM U RANG KHATAR BOR” OR THE HEAD OF THE HOUSE OR THE RISHOT. be only a participant and assistant in the improvement of all activities for the welfare and safety of women or children.
In verse 3, Abraham, when he received God's revelation, although it was very difficult for him to accept, was ready to accept it.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle led by General Secretary Tohmon Mukhim and Assistant Secretary Ededisuk Shylla on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the EM incharge of Trade and Industry. Labor of JHADC WG Sungoh on the illegal immigration of foreigners in War Jaintia and on the illegal trade of foreigners in War Jaintia without labor and trading license.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The meeting of all political parties convened by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has not yet decided to pass a law on Rangbah Shnong by the government. The meeting decided that the government should pass the law itself and not give it to the district councils.
Regarding the appearance of these party leaders and especially from Nongpoh Constituency, Donbok Khymdeit said that the UDP party in Nongpoh will become stronger and who knows maybe even the incumbent MLA of Nongpoh From the Congress Party, perhaps he will become the party candidate from Nongpoh and then the UDP will win a glorious victory from Nongpoh Constituency.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Thursday said that it seems that the retired officers who have been removed from the Lokayukta have links with the leaders of the Opposition Voice of the People Party. VPP).
Dr. Amanda A. Pakyntein, wife of former Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Ban Banteidor Lyngdoh, has been selected as the Best Woman Guru Award at the 4th International Inspirational Women. Awards (IIWA) 2023.
The beauty of this dance is very beautiful; it shall destroy and destroy all.
“The donation depends on the income of the donors.
The program was held for the adolescents of all the Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools in Sohryngkham Village.
And you can't stay forever; I'll leave you soon, I'll give you everything.
“Let us not throw the pearls before the pigs,” said Homer.
The types of plastic items prohibited include ear cleaners, balloons, plastic flags, snack containers, ice cream containers and thermocol containers used in cleaning.
Khlainbor Lyngdoh, that the Lord wants all the Christian households in the Church to hold a prayer tomorrow 25th October 2020, from 6:00 am to 12:00 pm, only in their homes, to get God's protection from this corona virus.
Those who have to be tested at the entry points will be charged at the rate set by the government.
In the other match, Lajong's victory will increase their points against Rangdajied, but with a goal difference of +6 for Rangdajied from +3 for SLFC, In this way, the leader in the points table may change again.
These bombs were recovered during a raid in Durama Hills where there was a clash with members of the group. utei bomb on the village road.
This struggle for small and medium enterprises has caused conflict and strife among people.
He didn't take it home and didn't eat it with his friends.
Dr. Mukul recalled that during his tenure as Chief Minister, he and the government had collected the documents related to the border. The Assam government has already handed over to the Assam government to resolve the exact boundary but the Assam government has asked for time to consider these documents but it has not yet been handed over to the Assam government. Assam has not responded or taken action to resolve the border issue.
Frame: means pudker- pud is the boundary of a state and frame is the boundary of a state.
Police sources said that 27 carton boxes contained 650 kilograms of explosives known as Galatin sticks and four cartons contained 200 kilograms of explosives. Police have seized 10 electric detonators, 10 explosives and 4 mobile phones.
The demand of the students and teachers of NEHU to remove the posts of Nantu Das who has been accused of assaulting a female referee is justified as the law of the country, The POCSO Act also protects women from sexual violence and the Protection of Women from Sexual Harassment Act, 2013 protects women from violence in the workplace.
If a person commits a sin of evil, thinking that he is glorifying Satan, then there is no point in that person being on earth to praise, worship and glorify the name of Jehovah God.
“Only in the past few days we have seen signs of corruption on the ISBT, Shillong, the Mawlai Bye-pass bridge and now corruption has been revealed through the collapse of one of the parts. of the construction of the Assembly at Mawdiangdiang under the rule of this NPP-led Government,” said the Seng.
The dorbar was enriched by the participation of the children of the Kur from Dulong and Ummulong Unit.
The cows were transported all over Meghalaya.
Former Union Minister CP Radhakrishnan has been appointed as the Governor of Jharkhand while former Governor of Jharkhand Ramesh Bais will take over as the Governor of Maharashtra.
Shillong, March 28 : The Mawkynrew Cup Committee on Tuesday announced that it will hold the (L) Jien Pyngrope Memorial from the 01st of November this year to commemorate the late Jien Pyngrope. The entire Mawkynrew area is very respected.
The house was built and maintained by JHDS with the support of Agathe Glucker from Germany.
The Division Bench appointed by the Chief Justice of the High Court on the orders of the Supreme Court, has heard several complaints regarding the appointment and recruitment by the SSC of teachers of classes 9,10,1 and 12 according to Group-C and D staff according to SLST-2
Three BSF personnel, one in Ribhoi and one in East Jaintia Hills, have recovered from the disease today.
However, it is pleasing that the state government, even the government of India, has heard that the people and civil society organizations in Meghalaya are opposed to the railway line to Khasi-Jaintia. Frontier Railway, has recently expressed its hope that the railway will not reach Meghalaya, because there are those who want, there are those who don't understand, there are those who understand, but there are those who want to benefit. but there are those who do not understand, who obey what the leaders say.
It may be planted, I believe, at the end of the rains and harvested in February or March.
behold, the world is gone after him!” John 12:12-1
In the past few months, MDC of the party Bah Sherbor Mawlong has joined the NPP along with his supporters which has confirmed the rumors that another MLA of the HSPDP will join the NPP. party which now leads the ruling party in the state.
You can say a lot of things, come on the court to argue with me.
“The State is considered the protector of society and it is duty-bound to help children get out of trouble," he stressed.
This is like the secret weapon of the British called the "divide and rule" policy.
These sier lapalang are like water, set in the middle, flow back and forth and flow straight to the goal, you cannot set it.
I enjoy reading news from the newspaper because you upload every minute, and it is easy to read.
And as human beings, we have the right to speak out for the protection and defense of our Longtrai Rights to our land while we are alive on this earth.
On the other hand, the good news that Jesus preached and the miracles he performed were a great threat and trouble to the Jewish rulers and the Roman emperors.
Nitish Kumar today slammed RJD leader Lalu Prasad Yadav, saying, “They don't care, they have 8.9 children and they don't respect their daughters and children. after having many daughters, they will have a son and this is Bihar, which they produce".
To find these two maloi is a very difficult task, so the government should take action on this issue, because if the government remains silent and does not do anything to avoid many problems. , the border officials have not hesitated to approach the higher authorities and even the Election Commission of India to take the necessary action.
This is something that does not fit as a public leader.
The Deputy Commissioner concluded by urging those who are interested to call the Addl. Deputy Commissioner and District Disaster Management Officer on these numbers so that they can take the necessary action.
The Seiñ also congratulates Rgh, SK Sunn MLA Mawphlang for their contribution to the PWD, PHE, MeECL, Police Department and Health Department who worked hard together with the SKSR 12-Daloi and the Village Authority to organize the event. you have won the lympung.
Niall, who is also a former member of One Direction, said the title of the new album is 'The Show,' which will be released on July
He said that the Government of India has provided many development opportunities to the villages and urged all the people to take action to go to the polling stations by putting forward the issue of the Jaidbynriew and the people. society where the RDA has a goal.
After the death of the pigs, they were thrown into the water and this spread the disease to Assam.
The chief of 360 Khap villages in Palam on Sunday vowed to hold a protest at the residence of Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and also at the office of the MLAs. The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) will vote if its demands are not met before the Lok Sabha elections.
The award was presented to the Government of Meghalaya at the Outlook Traveler Awards Function – 2022 held in New Delhi recently.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 420 new cases have been confirmed and 4424 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
The reason for the increase in the price of agricultural products, he said, is the influx of imported goods brought by the wealthy traders.
The test was prepared and held on Monday 30th March in the state, but this depends on the readiness of the authorities and there may be changes in relation to this test in the state. the last moment.
Speaking to media, Conrad Sangma said the MPSC has been operating for decades but does not have any service rules for its employees.
However, it was one day that a demon came out of his ear and when he showed it to the herbalist, he admitted that he could cure it.
Shillong: Officials of Bhowal Hima Mawsynram Constituency together with MDC Bah Alvin Sawkmie, today met with the Minister in charge of Trade and Industry, Bah Thank you Dkhar.
KSU General Secretary Samla Donald V. Thabah in an interview with the Chief Minister of Manipur said that it is pleasant to see the initiative of N. Biren Singh. The Deputy Commissioner of Tamenglong District has been ordered to immediately arrest all other ethnic groups who have illegally invaded these three villages.
The project has been going on for many years but has not yet received environmental clearance from the Ministry of Environment and Forest.
When inquired by Rupang, he said that there are many problems such as the internal examination of the teachers who are still training has not appeared in the results. Those who passed in theory and practical in the resolkim were named and those who passed got marks more than the full mark, the full mark was 100 don pat. who scored 110 or
Kishan Lyngdoh scored 91 runs from 85 balls, Chaman Push 25 runs from 40 balls and Rangkynsai SC scored 91 runs from 40 balls. They scored 181 for 37.2 overs.
On this occasion, there was also the distribution of Jadui Pitara for the children who are just starting school.
The FKJGP under the leadership of Chandra Nongdkhar President and Williston W. Syiem GS, recently met with the DSO Nongstoin to clarify the reason for the lack of artificial lights. Turf within the District.
“It is not enough for an MLA to be appointed as the president of the party, I feel that what is needed is for an intelligent and skilled person to be appointed,” said Sunn.
Avoid too much stress:- Uncontrolled stress can cause your skin to become dry, infected and other skin problems.
INTELLECTUAL in English means people who are talented and intelligent, who are intelligent like Peh Sylli – that is, a kind of siej who is intelligent, who can explain things.
Nongpoh, March 12: The deterioration of the road from Umïam to Mawiong to Shillong has caused a lot of trouble and many of the passengers on this road have expressed their deep concern over the condition. of this street.
The Chief Minister was responding to a question raised by Trinamool Congress MLA Miani D. Shira.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today admitted that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) will not affect the tourism industry in the state.
Their protest has been going on for four months and this time, they have come out.
Members of the All Assam Students' Union (AASU) today hoisted the flag in front of Atul Bora, Minister of Agriculture, Assam, at Lakhi Puja Ground in Jagduar, Jorhat.
The WKSU under the leadership of Secretary Banshanlang Syiemlieh, has stopped the screening at 9:30 pm and said that the WKSU does not agree that the DSO Office will keep the children until this is for mynmiet.
KSU Publicity Secretary Nangaibormi Sutnga conducted the meeting.
The Minister of Home Affairs (Passport), Legal Metrology and Others, Bah Kyrmen Shylla launched the 'Nasha Mukt Bharat Campaign' at a meeting held at the Community Hall, Lad Rymbai, Dongwah on Thursday. .
“On the issue of resolving the border issue, the MDA government has already held meetings at least 4 or 5 times and it is not easy for the issue to be resolved by the MDA government. “It takes a lot of advice, consultation and resolution of this issue,” said the Principal Secretary.
The High Court of Meghalaya has ordered the closure of all buildings which violate the rules laid down by MUDA until the residents and school children have been severely affected.
Israel is now a powerful country in the field of science and technology and tourism.
The group of commercial vehicle drivers and the HYC Umden, have requested the government to take immediate action to improve the road, so that it will benefit hundreds of villages in the area. .
The gold was smuggled from Bholaganj on the India-Bangladesh border.
I want to work.
Shillong: Police today seized 20,000 liters of kyiad pyrsi from Mawngap.
Erdogan also said Israel, in fact, had done too much and done wrong in response to the incident.
“I would like to congratulate the employees, the banks, who are working as usual on this day,” said the Chief Secretary.
Ladthadlaboh Sports Club has won the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
“It is time for farmers to understand how to improve their farming activities, because if we use untreated vegetables, it will benefit the body and health of we.
Besides, the ASHA workers urged the state government especially the health department to look into the problems faced by the ASHA workers especially in terms of their protection and the increase in their salaries. .
KHLIEHRIAT: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have arrested three more Nigerians from Ratacherra village on Tuesday.
“Referring to the High Court order issued on 5th June 2022, AHAM President Georgeprince Momin said that the High Court has issued an order that no new appointments or promotions can be made without implementing the Roster System. .
Therefore, with hope we decide to move forward with the prayer that the Lord will give us the strength to fight and succeed in life.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof. (Dr.) Nalin Mehta seeking clarification on the post Diet. Clerk.
From Nongphyllut Elaka to Raliang it passes through Mukroh village and near Mukroh you can still see clusters and dolments and standing stones which are now known as mooliar.
so that we can avoid this corona virus.
The area has many tourist attractions including Moopun Waterfalls, Rynji Falls, Sahksaw Cham Cham, Latang Falls, Lumchyrmit, Umbyrlein Waterfalls and others.
“On the other hand, these youths have also urged the Government not to wait until the youths come out to hold street protests against unemployment.
“When asked which party he is preparing to contest in this election, he said, “I have won as an independent candidate because in 2008 when I applied for ticket from the NCP, The people at that time rejected me because they said it was a foreign party, so I was defeated.
Radhakrishnan was awarded the Bharat Ratna in 1954 and served as Vice-President of India twice. In 1962 he was re-elected as the second President of India. 74 years old.
This book was published 100 years after the First World War.
The District Council has constructed the Byrnihat Market at a cost of T.2 crore with the aim of providing convenience to the shopkeepers and shopkeepers. The shopkeepers, especially the two-storey stalls, did not have a single market dweller to climb to this floor.
He also praised the Khasi women for being powerful and this power has been given to them by the parents.
Sungoh said the Prime Minister has said that the border talks will be according to the documents but first of all it should be according to the will of the people.
Then the wolf shall eat straw like a lamb, and the lion shall not eat flesh; he shall eat straw like the ox" Isaiah 65:2
Rona Khymdeit (UDP MDC from Nongpoh): Nongpoh has received the highest amount of T.3,13,47,000 but Umsning MDC has received T.3,24,00,0
Before the start of the match, a minute of silence was held in memory of one of the referees, Banshanlang Kharbyngar who passed away on Tuesday.
On the petition filed by Brigh Starwell Marbaniang and others, the court said that these teachers have not held the office which they earn money for themselves and therefore, if they follow Articles 102(1) and 191(1) of the Constitution, therefore, shall not prohibit them from contesting elections or holding political office.
To understand the scope of this work, imagine that this means that each health care provider has only 2 minutes to give each vaccination.
One of the deceased was identified as Jagadish Prasad Shah, 65, resident of Riat Laban. Sunil Kumar Jain, 60, of Jhalupara, who was admitted to Nazareth Hospital on 30th July 2020 at 10.45 pm, was admitted to Nazareth Hospital on 30th July January 2020, and passed away on the 31st January 2020 at about 7:00 pm.
She said that Bikash Kumar, an intelligence officer, received a very important information in Shillong and was immediately transferred to Garo Hills.
On the occasion, FKJGP Byrnihat Circle led by Larisson Lapang as President, Rangbah Shnong of Jojwa, Talbina Shadap and members of the FKJGP.
Former Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Charles Pyngrope, said that members can associate, but they will remain independent until the end of their term.
They include four men, Suranjit Dey, Sandeep Kumar, Zakir Hussain, Banehkupar Sancley and Vibek Hajong, while the women are Tanushree Dasgupta, Camelia Diengdoh, Diva Tang. the Synrem Rejoicing and the Priestly Rejoicing.
We also wish and bless the children of Seiñraij Tuber that they will continue to practice their religion and customs along with the knowledge of man, knowledge of God and knowledge of family and ancestry as the Khasi Khara people.
Shillong, July 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the state has no record of the number of Bangladeshis who entered the state before 24th October,
He said that the organization was also established for the welfare of the elderly whether in health, pension and other benefits that the elderly should receive.
Furthermore, BSF troops of Nongkhen BOP on the 10th of this month seized 13 cows and no arrests were made.
It is obvious that before the selection of the site, there were no inspection experts from the prison authorities to check from all sides whether the site is suitable for the construction of the prison.
Shillong, March 25: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been preparing for years to hold the Monolith Festival at Mawphlang. for the preparations were not yet made.
The construction of other unfinished residential buildings is in progress and is expected to be completed by October 31, Noida Authority officials said.
We should not worry because there is nothing to worry about.
The great God of miracles, the God of miracles, used Moses to deliver the Israelites by force from Egypt.
It may be recalled that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has said that once the blueprint of the HPC is completed, they will hold a meeting with the HPC to discuss the issue.
He said the government should speak out on the MRSSA as well.
Gradually they settled in Domiasiat and in 1968 they received their residence permit.
For these players, the upcoming tournament is necessary for them as they set a goal to continue to improve their sports career to the point of becoming better and better. .
One of these two committees, Bah DD Lapang from Meghalaya, who has been appointed as a member of the Indira Birth Centenary Celebration Committee, has 21 members. Congress leaders from across the country like Dr Manmohon Singh, Rahul Gandhi, Sheila Dixit, Chidambaram, Tarun Gogoi and others.
But the freedom I mean is the freedom that God allows or gives specifically to one's family.
Therefore it is reasonable and proper that man should use his eyes to see far and to make good use of that power of mind which God has given to man.
This was announced in a statement by Bah Banri Kharmalki, General Secretary of the Shillong Cricket Association.
The incident happened at Shiliang Umdoh 18Mer village and the two men were working in 17Mer village nearby.
The awards were presented by P. Naik, President of SMART Trust and RV Suchiang, IAS, Addl. Chief Secretary Home (Police) in the presence of the office bearers of the Trust, CA Lyngwa, IPS. , Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, and B.D.Marak, MPS, Superintendent of Police (Traffic), East Khasi Hills.
When we can elect such leaders, how much it brings glory and blessings to the State as a whole.
Shillong, July 23: The Income Tax Department is currently collecting detailed information on Benami depositors and according to information, the investigation into Benami deposits will start after 31st October. 2017.
Deborah praised the party leaders and office bearers who have remained in the Congress party despite the leaders leaving to join other political parties.
One of the videos showing the incident showed several people shouting insulting words.
“Replying to the VPP's demand to review the state reservation policy, the Prime Minister said that everyone has their own opinion and therefore they have nothing to say because it is the state reservation policy. The Constitution is free and therefore any disclosure is necessary.
Khliehriat June 22 : Thousands of children of the Seiñ Raij Tuber, including the villagers, are filled with joy and happiness as it is the season of Shad Suk Kara, Shad Mastieh, which is one of the The Seiñ Raij Tuber, East Jaintia Hills District, has organized and will hold a religious ceremony in 2023 at 29 places.
“Once the Assam police have taken away the vehicles of the people of Meghalaya, it has been very difficult to release them to Kheroni, Hamren which has dozens of vehicles. There is a lack of security police who do not allow entry into the border of Assam.
I don't want to put any time because it doesn't fit.
They talk about patriotism until the people, especially those who lack education, are confused because they hear that one party is right, another party is right, and one party is right.
For more information please call
However, when we look closely, the lives and conditions of the farmers are poor and they have been marginalized in society in Meghalaya.
Assam Congress leader Debabrata Saikia has demanded that Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal should talk to other North East Chief Ministers not to harass tourists. from Assam, on the basis of the NRC.
They do not think that they are the only ones who are wise but they also see and listen to the thoughts of others.
On the same day, besides the demand for the cleaning of the road from Mawlong to Umtrai, there was also a discussion between the JAC leaders and Dr. Lapang, for the development of the area. The people of the area are still facing many problems and backwardness, both in terms of economic development and especially in terms of roads.
He said that although the militant group has lost some of its territory in Syria since 2019, even today, the group continues to intensify its terrorist activities. From time to time, especially in the desert parts of Syria, the group carries out attacks and flees immediately after the attacks.
If complaints are received from any person, group, Association or Department, this committee shall resolve the complaints as soon as possible within 15 (15) days and forward them to the Government through Mining & Geology. Department every month.
However, the Minister said that it is difficult for the government because this scheme belongs to the Central Government.
Before the meeting, Bah KP Pangñiang welcomed those who came to join the party, by wearing a muffler as a sign of welcome.
He also visited a house in Umpling, which is one of the beneficiaries of the Prime Minister's Awareness Scheme (PMAY) Urban Meghalaya.
The HYC also alleged that the Managing Committee has not followed the rules according to the Work Order for the construction of the school building.
“We inside the party don't know or haven't decided, but the Congress which has two factions has announced that they have won the UDP ticket which has disgraced the party leaders,” said Pariat. The time for the decision of the candidates will be decided first from the primary units of the various constituencies.
In a statement to the media, HITO said that as an organization that looks after the future of the nation and to preserve the language, it has come forward to do whatever is necessary. If we don't pay attention to such things, our language will be lost in other languages.
The Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by the Chief Executive Member (CEM), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, was dissolved on Tuesday by the NPP and Congress MDCs. Although the NPP MDCs have been working with the EC for more than three years.
Speaking to media, Ma Vincent said that because of the pressure and desire of the people, he has been able to contest the MLA election from Sutnga-Saipung and the news that he will return to politics. in the state is the truth.
The Assam government has decided to award NEEPCO to carry out the 240 MW Killing Hydro Electrical Project on the Assam-Meghalaya border.
It is a shame for both the Congress and AITC, because the victory of the Congress in 2021 has been a blessing to the parties in the MDA Government especially the NPP in Garo Hills. and UDP in Khasi Hills.
They also said that the Garo people were granted the status of Scheduled Tribe in Assam in
Meanwhile, the Secretary of the I&B Department, Bimal Julka, said that the department has taken the opportunities to promote this industry especially to the people of the North East.
Yes! There are those who have started trying to dig their own wells in their own areas but as a necessity for the benefit of all the residents as the Prime Minister of India , he announced that the target is to deliver water to all households by 2024 and includes Meghalaya as well as South West Khasi Hills where in the coming months and years , many villages have been able to supply water to their households through the Jal Jeevan Missions Scheme (JJM) and this is thanks to the hard work of the Prime Minister as well as the Minister of Water Affairs and the office of The Water Supply Department has a plan to do so along with the hard work of water supply.
The leaders of the union found that there are many potholes on this road and it is a problem for the people in walking.
On the other hand, the Police Department has clarified that no decision has been taken yet to conduct the examinations for those who have applied for police posts.
Expressing his happiness to become Dy.Chairman, Donevan said, “I am happy that in the past two years I have experienced as an MDC, I have been in the opposition, I was EM and now I am Dy.Chairman, he asked for the support of everyone to ensure how to run the Council.
“I was hospitalized on Thursday, operated on Saturday and was discharged on Sunday.
Until now, this practice has continued until groups of those who remain in their traditional religion have joined other powerful Hindu groups in India, such as the RSS. There has been a lot of trouble in society until the nation has been divided in many ways.
Why for whatever reason, there's a reason behind it that I don't want released now," he said.
Nongpoh, Naitung 24: The Meghalaya State Legal Service Authority, Shillong in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Officer, Ri Bhoi together with other departments from the Ministry of Health, Community and Rural Development and District Legal. Service Authority, Ri Bhoi on Saturday held a free medical program to explain the benefits of the National Legal Services Authority (NLEA) scheme and other development projects from the Central and State Governments. .
Well please help me.
He praised the ancient elders of the village who had a vision to establish the Iung Walieh at the same time he also praised the village leaders of the village who are still alive today.
He expressed the hope that the resolution of the border disputes will be through dialogue and cooperation.
Five talented designers from the North East, Robert Naorem, Daniel Syiem, Priyanka D Patwari, Barsha Phukan, Escape Engmoia, Pella, Kashmiri and Huangpi Gogoi, who showed off their beautiful colours, handmade clothes at the exhibition showcased by world-famous men and women from the factory Milan fashion show with fashion designers from the North East of India.
In South Garo Hills, three cases have been confirmed, one high risk, one driver and one police personnel.
" “The interesting thing is that after passing the CUET examination, we can understand how hard we have worked and how we have participated and we can understand the achievements of the students in their institutions. we.
On the same day, government departments including the Water and Soil Conservation Department and the PHE Department donated 15 trolleys and 20 signboards to the village. inscriptions on cleanliness have been displayed in various places in the village.
Until 4 pm, many residents of Riatsamthiah, not only those living in Riatsamthiah, but also from the surrounding areas, have been injected. It can be concluded that now most of the citizens have understood the importance of vaccination, but without compulsion.
“It doesn't matter if you don't have a job,” he said.
In the first match, Langsning FC will play against Ryntih SC on Thursday, followed by Mawlai against Nangkiew Irat on Saturday.
In a statement, the Minister of Forest, James K Sangma said that the construction of the new state zoo at Umrew, Ri Bhoi District is in progress.
The meeting was attended by Bah Marius Jyrwa, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Mawhati Area, Bah Edmund Marten, Spoke Person of the Union, Samla Shanlang Diengdoh, President of FKJGP Mawhati. Through this meeting, they decided to demand from the Government to bring in a C&RD Block in Mawhati, so that it will bring peace to the people and village leaders of Mawhati. region.
The Minister inspected the scene of the incident and announced a compensation of T.4 lakh to the families of the victims. event.
In another incident, Philip Bamon of Rymbai village has lodged a complaint with Khliehriat PS that on the 7th of this month at 7 pm he found a body from the coal mine of Bah Denush. The light is located in the EJH River.
He said that it is time for people especially the young people to choose to form a small family to avoid problems.
In a petition signed by the President, Ma Kolmen Pohshna, the Union informed the Minister of Home Affairs that the people of War Jaintia are still suffering from the recent attack by the Union. The group is from Bangladesh.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84364 out of which 82541 have recovered and 1467 have died.
He added that companies should provide training according to the needs of the state before they join hands with the government so that it can improve in jobs and also in the economy of the state. one, said Samla Wallam K Nongsiej.
He said that as he was quarantined, his friends and officers who were with him were also quarantined as part of the health department's guidelines.
He said India is the oldest, oldest and most efficient democracy and this is still bringing order and peace around the world.
At the time of writing, the cost of the damage to the shop is unknown and the investigation is ongoing.
My husband slept alone in the house in the middle of the night.
On the other hand, the HYC also warned that if he does not take action and implement these promises which he has made to the residents of the area within six months, the two organizations will take action against him. You have been arrested in the Pynursla area.
The State President of the BJP (BJP) on Tuesday said that the TMC Leader Dr Mukul Sangma has decided to meet with the BJP leaders in New Delhi. Delhi.
Other senior leaders of the party, including Bah Clement Mawlong, President of the NPP in Ri Bhoi, Bah RM Mukhim, were present on the occasion. , NPP Mawhati Block President and many others.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Amilia Swer urged all the youths who have completed this training to work harder especially in these days of unemployment so that they can get their jobs.
He said that the AITC is now ready to contest alone in this election.
The fish that reach many states of India come mainly from Andhra Pradesh, Orissa, Gujarat and others which are strong enough to fish.
The order issued today also said that the complainant has brought videos and photographs to prove.
However, a few days later, the issue spread to Sohra where members of the Sengbhalang came to the scene to stop it. Later, the MLA of the area threatened to call for a mass protest. After this, the registration of foreigners in Sub-division Sohra was suspended.
In this regard, the Hill Farmers Union Pynursla Block, today met with the Minister of Agriculture, Ampareen Lyngdoh to request her to resolve the issue.
The organization has distributed these signs around the city of Jowai.
As he used to say publicly in public speeches at political forums or even in churches, his thylliej and rymmiang shyntur never forgot to say that "service to men is service to God"
It is for this reason that due to the lack of leaders with statesmanship quality in the state, many of our Khasi-Pnar lands have been encroached into Assam.
The village authorities of Mawrusyiar, after the incident, immediately informed the Nongstoiñ Police Station and the police on receiving the information, rushed to the scene to investigate the incident. to the investigation.
He said that they will also hold a meeting with the three District Councils of the state to request the state government to have the same mindset not to allow these acts of violence.
Dr Sangma admitted that the government's target to collect less revenue this year is due to the NGT ban on coal mining. The government's revenue loss from the NGT ban will be up to T.600 crore.
After the Under-14 women's and men's category, the final of the Under-16 category was held, and the women's title was won by St Paul's Higher Secondary School. St. Mary's Higher Secondary School beat St. Mary's Higher Secondary School with 38-37 basket points.
On the other hand, NPP spokesperson James K Sangma has criticized the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma for trying to ignore the Rs 1000 crore allocated by the central government to the district councils in the North East.
“The delay in releasing the scholarship is not a rightful mistake but a violation of the rights of the students by the government,” said the General Secretary.
Rangshken tied first and set a target of 130 runs while Shaphrang CC scored only
The President of CSWO has lodged a complaint against the illegal deterioration of this road on 5th March, 2015 at Pynursla Police Station demanding that the law should take strict action against the contractors who have carried out the construction of the road. the road because it is a source of trouble and sorrow for the people.
The voice of the people and the Seng Bhalang said that the central government should respect the voice of the people as the 60 MLAs are elected by the people.
Regarding the pass rate of Graduate and Post Graduate students every year is in the thousands, where will the Government employ these students, if we count only a few students. who passed well forward too.
I will conclude with the words of Madam Lapp, a Mennonite teacher, who said, “If Jesus comes tomorrow, I will plant a tree today” and the singer also sings, “Let us work until Jesus is" Amen.
Freida, who has been living in the US during her visit to India, will travel to Mumbai to take part in Christian Dior's Special Fashion Showcase.
The leaders of the union said that it is urgent to set up an Entry & Exit Point at this place, to curb the illegal entry of mynder into the state.
Speaking on the Health Mela held as part of the Azadi Amit Mahotsav celebrations, Bah Metbah reminded the people of the importance of health in everyday life. day.
There is no need to talk about the scientists...How these leaders who don't want to build a football stadium like Wembley should be counting on the people who are still playing.
The most interesting thing is that the Nongpoh clan not only had Mar but also three strong women who showed off their skills by erecting each mawbynna in one of the houses. The place is called "Shmea Dymmui"
She has won the title in the district with 91.66% marks and came 18th in the state in the 2016 examination. Little Flower Higher Secondary School, Mawbri, Bhoirymbong, Ri-Bhoi District and has been able to showcase her family and her school and especially the district which is lagging behind.
Dr. Murugan said that the demand for fish from India has increased.
The union strongly warns all petrol pumps in West Khasi Hills District not to sell petrol which is suspected to be not the right kind of petrol, so that the people and vehicles will not be injured. on the road and if the organization does not agree to close for a while.
However, it has not yet been released.
The work has started now and will be completed soon,” said Conrad.
After the second half, Ïalong FC scored the third goal through Roikhih Nongtdu in the 56th minute.
The difference between the goods he bought and the goods he sold was heaven to earth.
All of them have sins that they cannot hide from God.
Shillong, Lber 03 : The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma has urged the people to remain calm and refrain from political disturbances as the elections are over.
He is the oldest of us all.
They said that they have already lodged a complaint with the Rangbah Shnong and the SDO of MeECL Khliehriat to relocate the post.
“These days we see that there are many types of crimes and to avoid being harassed by the residents we have also provided IDs to identify them as recognized by the Association,” he said. Well Siningstar.
Khliehriat June 5 : The Ephphatha Society in collaboration with the San Ker Rehabilitation Center today distributed medicines to those with disabilities, mentally ill, The program was held at the Epepatha Society Center in Dkhiah, East Jaintia Hills District. The program was attended by the Director of San Ker Rehabilitation Centre, Dr S.Syiem and other doctors. .
Therefore, they will not refuse to leave to join the HSPDP under the leadership of Bah Medalsing Lyngdoh and the group.
Meanwhile, James K Sangma said the government should take strong action to pass a strong law against criminals to intimidate them.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, u Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday urged the TMC leaders to do their homework before making accusations against the government.
Shillong: Groups of elders of Raid Shabong today came to clarify the statement of the Sordar of Raid Shabong, Bah Biggestson Lyngdoh at the Raid Dorbar held on 15th June the village of Siatbacon.
He said that his ship cost T.50,000 and was made of wood and other wood. The ship, which the king said, carried up to 45,000 people and equipment. that of.
Ma Sambormi Lyngdoh in his speech encouraged the leaders of the Western Zone and said that as leaders they should have a strong foundation and have a strong foundation and have trust and love for each other so that they can carry out the work to provide the country. full service and love for our country and nation.
“This is not true but an attempt to mislead the fans.
He said about 27 states have approved PACS to conduct the 'Har Ghar Nal se Jal' campaign for every household.
Skills for Training: Food Processing (Pickle Making Technician) Tourism And Hospitality (Street Food Vendor Standalone) Those eligible to apply are: Food Processing (Pickle Making Technician) Class Primary Pass Tourism And Hospitality (Street Food Vendor Standalone) Class 8 Pass Training Location: Nongtalang Nongbareh Darrang Those who wish to apply please send your Biodata to this WhatsApp No.
“If part of the land goes to another state, they have to follow the laws and regulations of that land,” said Bah Marngar.
The COVID-19 positive case from Assam came to Shillong on 6th October 2000 and had contact with two people and after that, he left for Guwahati.
In particular, the VDP Union, Sordar and Secretary Shnong, Seng Samla Shnong and other NGOs, to join hands, so that we can achieve these goals. to destroy the dohum dohwah in the land.
After talking many things, Rida listened and went about her business.
Moments when love burns.
The High Court may summon the Principal District and Sessions Judge to submit the reports.
The program was conducted by Daiabianghun Kharwanlang, Lecturer and welcomed by Livingstone Thangkhiew (Former General Secretary of the party).
He said that the party is surprised to hear these words from the CEM, because when it comes to border issues, only the Prime Ministers and Chief Secretaries have discussed them. The CEM of KAAC, is surprised that the CEM of KAAC, is willing to use this word, in which as the party itself. you cannot accept it at all.
Michael said the UCC talks about inheritance, marriage, release of slaves and these are the issues that Maitshaphrang has taken care of.
Not only that, tourism has also shaped the way of thinking of the people of our state especially those living in the rural areas as it helps to rapidly spread knowledge and understanding to many. aspects from language, lifestyle, to changes in human behavior.
The Gospel that Jesus preached was love and Jesus used this Gospel as a powerful weapon to stand and fight against the tyranny of the rulers.
Therefore, we demand and remind the Government to submit the report and that by 15 August 2021 all employees/employees should receive all the money.
Shillong, Lber 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Shiitake Mushroom and Training Center funded by the Shiitake Mushroom Plantation Center. The Ministry of Tribal Affairs, DoNER and the State Government in Upper Shillong, in the presence of the Minister of Agriculture, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh.
According to the Chief Minister, it is estimated that the expenditure for these festivals will reach about Rs 12 to Rs 15 crore including the Northeast Olympic Games.
Speaking on the occasion, the General Secretary of the party, Bah Auguster Jyrwa, said that this is a day to remind the country that as a small nation, if we are not careful and if we allow other nations in the trade, and they shall be strangers in their own land.
He said that if the government is not ready to open the markets for 10 months, it should open them with odd and even numbers.
To the east there was a small forest with several trees.
The bus terminal has been funded by the central government at a cost of Rs 48 crore and is still receiving Rs 12 crore.
St. Anthony's College took nine wickets.
We are confident that if the Central Government takes action to end this process, it should be easy,” said Singh.
Immediately, Mann proceeded to dress the Minister of Health and immediately, the conversations were recorded, in which it was confirmed that the Minister demanded 10 percent.
During the inspection, the union found that the factory has started to comply with the demands of the union. months ago when the union found with its own eyes that the factory has provided safety equipment to the workers including helmets, gloves and boots. ).
He said this is only the beginning if the use of plastic can be reduced in this largest market in the state.
Ilapyntngen Thabah of Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School won the title of Best Athlete Under-1
However, now when we look at it, it has become a longdoh longsnam in our unique nation, it is like a bridge to breed other nations to invade our beloved country.
“I have had the opportunity to talk to and request the Minister to provide assistance to the farmers of the state,” said Bah Banteidor who is still in Delhi with the leaders of the Hill Farmers' Union.
The victim is an 11-year-old boy from Mendipathar, who is in class V and his name is Mustaqfizur Rehman.
However, this order cannot be accepted because the Tribunal has not provided any opportunity for those who are poor to earn a living by working in the coal mines so that they can earn a living without. and he went into the field to gather coal.
Shillong, October 10: The ICAR office, on 15th October 2016, requires the appointment of a farmer.
Besides, 30 types of garbage will not be allowed in various government departments in the district.
However, as it is these days, it has been seen that the Garo are very intelligent people and actions speak louder than words.
Mookyrdup, Mupliang and Royalpole Mihmyntdu have won the 3rd Division Football Tournament for the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association.
Ms. L.Ksoo spoke about the assistance that ONE STOP protects and provides for women who have been victims of violence.
“About 10 days before the polling we will meet with the parties to ensure peace and order and that the work goes as planned.
He sustained serious injuries to his face, shyllang and right eye in the blast.
The suspect was arrested at the Integrated Check Post (ICP) at Petrapole in North 24 Parganas district.
The Minister also met with the Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and requested her to increase the allocation of funds and to allocate more Externally Aided Projects (EAP) to Meghalaya on the basis of you haven't ladep yet.
These include 3 cases from East Khasi Hills and 1 case from West Garo Hills.
It’s time to think anew.
Therefore, the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP and even the independent candidates or KHNAM will be involved in the rally.
There are also poems in this collection which are translations into Khasi of the poems of foreign poets from abroad by Sr.
Everyone knows that the BJP is a national party founded after Jan Sangha on 4th June 1980 and its foundation is based on the term Intergral Humanism introduced by the great thinker Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhaya.
“I personally feel that the government has tried but has not taken action,” said Pala.
The landowners, under the leadership of Bah Hero Nongsiej, Bah Pius Nongsiej and Bah Ram Nongsiej, said that the landowners have signed with the Tourism Department that the Tourism Department will build about 100 houses. There are 10 tourist houses or tourist cottages in this area.
Another source says that the influx of Bangladeshis into the North East began in 1906 when the All India Muslim League (AIML) was formed in Dhaka.
Corruption is the root cause of all evil and we cannot say that this same corruption is one of the main reasons for the incorrect governance and the production of corrupt rulers. kill.
“We have estimated that the cost will not be less than Rs 30-40 lakh and we will try to raise funds from donors and other sources,” said Dr Celestine.
Another thing that the people have criticized these leaders of the MDA government is their lack of ability to speak publicly at every public meeting.
The marathon was organized by the office of the DSO, East Khasi Hills District and the office of the Chief Electoral Officer, Shillong.
Police said the arrested man was one of the residents outside the stadium.
Novak, who is fighting to retain his position as world number one in the ATP rankings, will start his career against Brandon Nakashima or Mackenzie McDonald.
The delay by MUDA is due to the fact that they have to read and review the order issued by the Gauhati High Court in 2011 on the illegal construction in Wah Umkhrah.
This was announced by Pretty Kharpyngrope, President Nongkrem UDP Circle.
Members of the JSU have taken to the streets to raise flags in Jowai on Kiang Nangbah College Road to show their solidarity and support to the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJACCV) on the ban. The meeting was held to protest against the government's increase in the price of petrol and diesel in the state.
He said that the Conrad government has not understood the disputed areas because it has provided a map drawn since the time of the British government.
Nongpoh, Lber 30: The driver of a KV School bus 9 mer today lost his life and two school children were seriously injured after the school bus he was driving collided with a divider in road 10 ha.
Jairam said this after meeting with Congress leaders in the state to discuss the political situation and also to strengthen the party.
In 2015, Bishop Wilbert was appointed Parish Priest of Nonbah Parish and Vicar General of the Diocese of Nongstoin for nearly five years.
The same approach was used in Parliament where all the Bills were passed without any debate.
The President of the party, said that it has happened from time to time that the state government has set up committees to resolve the issues faced by the Jaidbynriew, but these committees have not reached anywhere. wherever and the issues of the Jaidbynriew remain as usual.
Village ambulances will also be set up at these CICs to transport patients in case of emergency.
“If this program is conducted every six months, we are sure to see changes in the villages,” he added.
Bah Sawkmie appealed to the people of Mawlai not to blame their mistakes and shortcomings because he is only a man full of shortcomings.
The issues that the Sengbhalang brings before the people are essential for the benefit of the society.
In this context, the area of ​​communication has suffered in its effectiveness, and it has been difficult to strengthen international relations.
On the other hand, the union has demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs should immediately arrest those involved in the murder of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta and should also explain to the public the identity of the 8 people who have been arrested. He said that the party and the people of Sohra have the right to know about it.
So far, Tripura has 1,072 cases, 756 undergoing treatment, 315 recovered and one death.
Besides the lock, it is also necessary to tie strong chains to avoid the loss of the owners,” said the letter.
The 32-year-old from Lumdiengjri said, “I will continue my protest even though Bah Nongrum has been taken to jail”.
The tournament will be organized by the Kharang Sports & Social Welfare Club, one of the oldest clubs in Meghalaya as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Independence of the State. also the 50th anniversary of the club.
Nongstoin, March 14: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Warsan Lyngdoh Area, which includes 18 Rangbah Shnongs of Umjarain, has decided to lodge a complaint. The Mawkyrwat Block has filed a complaint against the government through Mawkyrwat Block for the implementation of various schemes in Warsan Lyngdoh area for two years since they were forcibly annexed to South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat.
Sohra received 133.0mm, Shillong 35.2mm and Umiam 14.2mm from 8.30 am to 5.30 pm.
In the counting hall, Bah Deng Shylla and other young people threw money and expressed their views that these ethnic parties of Meghalaya should join hands to form a government even if they are different. manifest spirit.
Guwahati: The Assam government today banned the sale and purchase of imported fish for 40 days starting from Tuesday.
KHNAM has started the search for license plates from three or four roads in Khyndailad, but while searching for license plates, they found that not only the driver is a foreigner but the vehicle is also owned by him. bar states.
Sonapur also belonged to the Sona King known as the Sona Raja and this place was named after Sunapur.
The Seng will appoint speakers to speak against the MoU and we urge the Prime Minister, Government Ministers and those who signed or supported the MoU to come and explain or clarify the MoU which they have already signed.
The mid day meal scheme has been implemented by the Education Department of the State Government and the Government of Assam.
It may be recalled that Assam had appealed to the High Court in 1989, but the Court has not yet heard the case.
He said that income generation is the main driver of income growth among the citizens.
We immediately called the police, the bomb disposal team and the FSL (Forensic Science Laboratory) team to the scene.
Chakraborty said it is difficult for the party to support the UDP because it is not clear whether it will be in the NDA or not.
It has also been revealed that those people are involved in running illegal Benami activities.
About 8 residents including a 10-year-old child and two elderly people have died and about 20 others including CRPF personnel have been injured. CPI(Maoist) militants have been carrying out IED bombs since July this year, police said.
They said to him, “If we live and die like this, there will be no end to the world, and if we die alone, there will be no end to that Jesus.
Basan said the area between the dispute and the present border with Assam is the Pilangkata Khanapara Cluster which is about 2.97 sq km. Mylliem has already sent a letter to the District Council regarding the border dispute with Assam.
Jaintia Hills currently has four major conflicts and these are (i) the coal blockade (ii) the border with Assam and (iii) the influx of refugees from Assam and Bangladesh. also, as we have seen in the newspapers, the arrival of Nigerians and Bangladeshis, who have robbed and killed people in the past few days; and (iv) the destruction of dewbilat factories by the people of the area; However, at the Cabinet meeting, there was no discussion on these issues which affect the Jaintia Hills.
The District Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 has been organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO), West Khasi Hills.
“When the people make mistakes only in parking, the people are punished. Why? When the police are only human beings who make mistakes, the people should forgive them. ".
Of these, 263 cases have been reported from East Khasi Hills, 189 cases from West Garo Hills, 24 cases from West Garo Hills, 17 cases from Ri Bhoi, 8 cases from West Jaintia Hills and 4 cases from West Jaintia Hills. Garo Hills 1 and South West Garo Hills
“Shillong was the capital during the British rule, after the fall of the British Government, it became the capital of the Assam Government and now it is the capital of Meghalaya.
As a tyngshop, Sid feels that he needs to change his acting style as this will be for his own benefit in the future.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Ronie Lyngdoh, first of all, expressed his happiness to be able to attend the ceremony. It is also a sign of encouragement to them to take responsibility for the tasks that the government will assign them in different parts of the state.
Child mortality has increased, diseases have increased due to lack of food and drink, and the number of fatherless children has increased.
The grounds for the determination of the rules and regulations shall be summarized as set out in the following section: (i) Even if the law clearly states that the promises in the Dulir-juban-tyrwa are not While the truth is that the distribution of buskit in any way will undoubtedly influence all people.
He said the government has implemented many schemes like 100 days MGNREGS, PMJAY, National Rural Livelihood Mission which are schemes to eradicate poverty by encouraging them to come forward and take advantage of such schemes through the assistance of Para Legal Volunteers and police officers.
This attack on villages and civilians by the army has happened and continues to happen here in Shillong.
“Bah Hek said that this statement is not to criticize anyone but what he is saying is to convey what the people of the state are experiencing.
Before proceeding with the meeting, the participants in various sports as well as the parents expressed their experiences when they participated and their mission. They have to spend their own money on their own expenses because the government has not looked after or provided assistance.
On the part of the Officer Incharge of the Phramer Traffic Cell, he explained about the working methods of the VDP and urged the members to continue to cooperate with the Phramer Traffic Cell as this village falls under his jurisdiction.
Through this, the North Eastern States are some of the first states to take advantage of this benefit, along with Maharashtra, Goa, Delhi and Karnataka.
Out of the 17 sites where the government plans to take land for the construction of the entry and exit gate, two sites remain in Garo Hills.
“In Laban, all religions have been honored to work together to celebrate any religious festival,” said Bah Sanbor.
Stalin left Chennai on Tuesday and visited Singapore and Japan as part of his campaign to raise funds for Tamil Nadu. They will come to Chennai for the meeting to be held in July
The Gospel is a teaching, a struggle in life and a struggle to gain heaven on earth.
This was discovered after a Khadar shaka truck carrying coal, suddenly overturned on Road 62 at this place and it was said that the truck was carrying coal from Shallang area. part of West Khasi Hills District.
They were killed after rumors circulated on social media that there were people kidnapping children in the area.
Shillong, March 10: Where does the Hima Mylliem collect more than T.5 lakh per month from the market dwellers in Iewduh every month? This is the question that surprised the CEM of KHA DC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, when he received a complaint from the market dwellers under the NIA that the market is dirty and that it is not clean. There is also a strong sense of responsibility due to the presence of foreigners inside the market.
On arrival at Iooksi, members of the West Jaintia Adventure and Cycling Association (WJA) conducted a cleanliness drive in the surrounding area of ​​Iawpynkat with the participation of the Waheh Shnong, Bah C.Tangliang.
“The first thing I want to take over as Chairman is to look after the loss of trees and shrubs.
The bridge is located on the Sindh River, which is known as a popular river where thousands of pilgrims from Madhya Pradesh and UP have come on the special day of Navami.
Speaking on the occasion, a UDP leader said that the meeting will be held at the MLA Hostel Shillong at 1:30 PM where all the MLAs, MDCs and party leaders will take part. This is a very important meeting especially after the sudden death of Dr Donkupar Roi.
For those who should avoid foods that affect their bodies, food is no different from alcohol and drugs because it destroys their bodies.
Bah Liana said that as a poor and low income household, he cannot afford to buy a plot of land to build a house. although it has been a place of comfort for them as a house that can be found on any day.
,Sd/- Thomas Passah,President,KHNAM State Youth Wing, 8787612855.
Jowai: The body of a newborn child has been found by the mother of Mihmyntdu village, West Jaintia Hills.
Other vehicles from Jaintia Hills arrived at Laitryngew at 6 pm.
Shortly after the police did not allow these tyngshops, the leaders of the civil society groups questioned whether the ban on burning these tyngshops was the order of the Prime Minister, the police or the district administration. The police were surprised and did not answer.
I put these above in the wise judgment of the people.
The UDP MLAs who will get the post of Minister in the MDA-2 Government are Paul Lyngdoh MLA West Shillong and Kyrmen Shylla MLA Khliehriat.
Music and recording is produced by R&N Studio Umkor Pynursla.
The Seng Khasi Laitkor has also been able to hold the 15th Shad Suk Mynsiem in 2023 which was a success.
Dr. Mandaviya also requested the States to take steps to curb the misuse of urea allocated for agriculture and farmers.
The union led by its President, Samla Lostar Lyngdoh, Samla Youbarles Jana together with the Organizing Secretary of Ri-Bhoi District, Bah Silverios Masharing, found that these foreigners who have worked and affected the village are They did not have enough documents and the union after seeing this immediately expelled these foreigners.
Medals and Certificates will be awarded to the winners, cash prizes will be awarded to the winners or COCs. The weight categories are as follows: Male: Below 50 kgsBelow 55 kgsBelow 60 kgsBelow 65 kgsBelow :Below 45 kgsBelow 50 kgsBelow 55 kgsBelow 60 kgsAbove 61 kgsThew kilos : 31st January 2024.
It may be recalled that the Government of India through the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India has started the implementation of the Rashtriya Madhyamik Education Abhiyan (RMSA) for the improvement of secondary schools in Psiar, West Jaintia Hills. , but it is sad to say that in the past few days the police of Mukoilum Assam have come to forcefully stop the work of this school.
There are also school teachers and contract workers who receive the money from the FOCUS scheme.
Shillong, Nailar 31: Four elders of West Jaintia Hills have been killed by the Karbi People's Liberation Tigers (KPLT). The Chief Secretary of Assam has spoken to the Chief Secretary of Assam and also to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District who has spoken to the Deputy Commissioner of Karbi Anglong District.
The Seng has requested for the documents regarding their arrival to work at this place, but it was found that they do not have any.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The number of active cases of Covid-19 in the state has risen to
The employee was electrocuted while he was collecting wood near the transformer of ITD Cementation India Limited in Umiam.
Stand firm on the basis of 80% reserved for Indigenous Scheduled Tribe of Meghalaya in all fields of employment and education – based on merit – Teach all ethnic groups to work hard in their studies and not to sit idly by the Reservation Policy.
Speaking after the meeting, UDA Chairman Bah Teinwel Dkhar, who will also be the CEM, said that the post of Chairman has been appointed by Bah Pynshngain Syiem of the NPP. It does not include the appointment of Executive Members (EMs) after the swearing-in ceremony.
All taxi drivers are urged to strictly follow the COVID-19 registration rules.
This will greatly reduce the misuse of rice and thus there will be no shortage of food and drink.
“I would like to inform everyone that in the coming years, we will not be able to emphasize requesting to be re-exempt from this examination.
Bantei said that the SP had visited him and suggested him to file an FIR but he said he did not want to file an FIR against the MLA. On the other hand, the mother of Kong R.Rynjah expressed her surprise that the MLA can shoot people but she said that if he is wrong he should be punished but he should not shoot and beat until he is injured. .
This is his third half-century in such a tournament.
Shillong, March 01: The shiah signboard separating India and Bangladesh in parts of Ichamati and Majai villages in East Khasi Hills District has collapsed without any casualties. to take action to prevent the infiltration of Bangladeshi authorities.
KSU Leimow Unit President Javeline Chadap, KSU Leimow Unit President Javeline Chadap, Livingstone Khlem General Secretary, Deovolente Tang Finance Secretary and other leaders of the KSU Leimow Unit were also present.
Because, if we speak freely about the mistakes or shortcomings of the government, the government will not be punished, especially those groups that are involved with the government.
Those vehicles are used for personal use while petrol/diesel is purchased by the government.
The students of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHUSU) under the leadership of the NEHUSU today held a protest inside the grounds of the university against the allegations of discrimination against the students of the university. The university's marks system has caused a huge loss to the students.
In the second match, Pohskur FC beat Pohshnong FC 2-0
The crematorium has been allocated T.25 lakh by the Ministry of Forest and Environment from the 13th Finance Commission for the Sein Niamtynrai Padu Pyllun. which was the first in the War Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Divisional Forest Officer, Khasi Hills Wildlife Division, Bah PS Nongbri, IFS has announced that no birds are allowed to be hunted or shot. The Wildlife Protection Act, 1972 under Section 9 of the Act.
Meghalaya, which falls under Phase-1, will vote on 19th June this year while the counting of votes will be held on 04th July,
This season's tournament, which is the 50th Anniversary of the WJDSA, has reached 39 teams and has been divided into five pools.
Prabha Shankar Shukla, Vice Chancellor of NEHU was the chief guest and Dr. Streamlet Dkhar was the chief guest. Vijay Kumar, SI of 67 Battalion CRPF Shillong, Vice President of Muay Thai Association Semple Pala, Publicity Secretary John Kharkongor, Donic Suchiang, David Laloo, Banker Kurkalang and others who distributed the awards. to all the winners.
Shillong: The Shillong Cantonment Board ( Shillong Cantonment Board) today destroyed about 10 shops in the Bijoy area. plastic in this place.
SAI Asst. Boxing Coach B. Rahul Raju was the chief guest, T. Misao, Deputy Commandant of 67BN CRPF, Boinu Misao, Sandy Sohtun, President and Executive Members of 67BN CRPF. KSU, NEHU Risan Shylla, Ibakordor Marweiñ, Theodorisa Pyrtuh, Ram Toi, President of the Union Bah Angelus Sun and others.
The union said that due to the excessive number of speed breakers, the traffic has affected the traffic of the people from school children to office workers and they do not reach their destination on time because of the slow speed. car.
The incident happened last night at Sookilo village where the woman was found dead in the house of her husband in Sookilo.
“It is true that the village has tried me, fined me T.27,000 and I have paid it,” she said.
History tells us about languages ​​that did not have a time of rule by strong countries.
HITO will take this as a good example so that it too can strengthen and expand its efforts to preserve the precious heritage that Mother Nature has poured into the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
Right here, I have no doubt that you will give an interesting answer," he said.
“We entered the room of Bah LG Nongsiej together with Maieid and as soon as we entered, Maieid said to Bah LG 'I want to send the election to Bahduh' The discussion has ended and on the other hand, Bah LG said to Bahduh, “We will promote one another.
Nongpoh: Although the Khap shniuh industry is one of the highest income industries, it is sad to know that many of those working in this industry have been taken over by foreigners. This is evidenced by the large number of shniuh farmers in Ri Bhoi, but the Khasi are only a few.
The Chairman of the Union of Sohra Youth Associations, B.Mylliemngap, said that for the first time, the Marathon was held in Sohra. They became Langknia because of the crowd in the middle of the road.
The club also informs that any teams who wish to participate in this tournament can call 6009811705, 8794590454, 9612548679 for more information.
Speaking to media, Bah Everjoy Nongpluh said, “According to the RTI, we have found 43 petrol pumps in the district and out of these 25 are owned by Khasi and 18 are owned by Khasi. long trai with that bar state.
The Congress AR term in the past has not taken any border issues and now it has taken nothing else.
Among the speakers, one of the leaders of the people, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA, said that we still have to fight for the Ri Bhoi District. you are from Nongpoh.
Let us turn to this bright age, which has lost its value and dignity as a nation.
Up to 35 participants have taken part in the competition and a fee will be collected from 9 am to 7 pm.
Rohit Rai was named Man of the Series award winner of the tournament.
He also alleged that the factory management is doing the work that the state owners can do and even the price of dewbilat is very low compared to the price of dewbilat in Khliehriat and Assam.
This is the strongest earthquake in the country in the last 40 years.
Products from Thailand, Bangladesh as well as Nagaland, Delhi, Assam, Gujarat and others are available at the market.
The relatives of the kidnappers have tried to find out whether the GNLA has kidnapped them, but the GNLA has refused to kidnap them. The GNLA has threatened to attack the AKKA for committing these acts of violence against the people.
Thus, because of sin, man is destined to die twice if he does not repent or be born again.
“We are pleased with the emergence of the VPP because it is in line with the working methods of KHNAM and it should involve everyone”.
Rao said that SIDBI is supporting the establishment of Swavalam as an Alternative Livelihood Unit for EAST (SALUTE) and will focus especially on those children who have dropped out of school, who are talented but who are not able to do so. those who have not yet received their jobs but need training, those who have to leave because of covid, those who do not have access to their rights and others.
After His Resurrection, Jesus stayed here on earth for 40 days and at the same time He ascended to heaven.
This exploitation of the Government officials has led to many stone traders to become rich where the price of stone no longer matches the cost of mining and trading it.
The Chairman, who had been specially authorized by the Governor to conduct the election for the CEM, did not hold the election and announced that because no one from each other had taken part in the election, he did not hold the election. Bah HS Shylla, MDC was elected as the new CEM.
Samuel Nongpung of Sunset Valley won the top scorer award, Meman Kharkongngor of Sunset Valley won the best goalkeeper award and Mebanjop won the best goalkeeper award. Sunset Valley.
The union demands that the Northeast Frontier Railway should not set up a railway booking counter in Jowai after the loss of the MTC office in Jowai.
These minorities of Rabha, Boro, Koch, Hajong and Man of Garo Hills have demanded to be included in the State Reservation Policy of the State.
If the state cannot provide only happiness to them, it means that they should not come here.
In some places like on Bhutia Road, it was seen that the Dkhars who sell almuri leave only when there are Municipal officials, besides, they sell as usual.
Ricky Nelson Suja has lodged a complaint that at 11 pm on July 11, robbers stole a motorcycle (ML-05W-6501) from his residence at Mawlai Umjarain, Shillong.
Shillong: U President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today gave a clear reply to the allegations that the Sengbhalang cannot issue a trading license or permit at the 184th death anniversary of Paiem Tirot Sing Syiem at Madan Market. “The Sengbhalang does not need permission from 'A' or 'B' but a clear statement that all the offices of the KSU and its members have always worn the uniform of the jaitbynriew. They have the right to obtain a license and the party will increase the search operations across the country and there is no need for permission from the Secretariat or KHADC. The members of the KSU should also be brave”.
The construction of the public toilet, in fact, was to bring about cleanliness.
This open toilet is also the main cause of 40 types of diseases.
We will see what the CEM and the new EC will do in the coming months especially as the elections for the MDCs are not far off.
They also said that although engineers from other departments of the state government are in short supply in their offices, they need to participate and assist in the preparation of the project. how to make coal.
The police tried to search for his body, but could not and as night fell they had to leave.
Many have submitted to his rule.
For Pasyih CSC, Hamyllin Dkhar (4), Ribaitki Dkhar (15) and Sakhiat Siangshai (62) scored.
In connection with the incident, the fire brigade has arrived at the scene to extinguish the fire.
The first Christmas is the most difficult time and Palestine is full of trouble, fighting and bloodshed.
The Supreme Court has directed all state governments to implement the scheme through computers to avoid theft.
When asked how he feels about the Durand Cup, one of the oldest tournaments in Asia and now recognized by the Indian Football Federation, he said, “This tournament is a tournament. which is in accordance with the custom of the country.
Dr Sabita Sen taught English at the College and in 2012 she was promoted to the post of Vice Principal.
There was another night when I couldn't sleep and I just walked around to visit the hospital but I don't know how I suddenly reached the place where the injured people were being treated. a young boy lying wounded there and next to him was his friend, who was praying for his friend.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 26: The West Khasi Hills District Boxing Association (WBAA) has sent its condolences to the family of (L) Dajiedlang Mawsor. the whole state.
Pay Scale:- Level 11th of Revised Pay StructureEducational Qualification:- 3 (Three) years Diploma Course in Mechanical Engineering.
Upon seeing the report in the media, the Returning Officer and the District Election Officer of West Jaintia Hills District have requested the report from the Sector Officer and the Police Station of Khanduli to confirm this. event.
More than half of the contractors and traders who fill the dozens of copper factories in Byrnihat do not go to mine coal.
There is too little in terms of any suggestions to address the issues that the state has.
He said that these people have suddenly contracted the disease, in which they have suffered from chronic illness. The MLA said that it is fortunate that no one has been found. there is nothing wrong with this day.
She said she will talk to the NHM to look into the demands of the workers to protect their jobs even if a company comes to take over the management.
“The demand for the establishment of a Directorate of Nursing is necessary to ensure good governance in Meghalaya without interference from other authorities,” said MGNSA President Kong T Shabong. Speaking to reporters, General Secretary Kong B Thabah.
Bah War said that even after the owners of the vehicles requested to release him, the Dorbar Shnong did not release him because what he did was against the law.
Be a responsible parent : Another way you need to act as a good parent is to recognize the signs and behaviors of your children and prepare to be obedient.
He was called by Bah Pde.
Jowai, Naitung 30: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) today decided to temporarily lift the 22 hour curfew announced in recent days. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Deputy Chief Minister, Ma RC Laloo, have pledged in front of a large crowd and Union leaders on the 27th of this month. They said that the government will soon implement the Civil Hospital at Ialong by relocating the Jowai Civil Hospital and building a new one. Jowai Civil Hospital.
It is clear that this government does not have money.
Shortly after, the Ribhoi District Police arrived to investigate the incident and to monitor the vehicle that collided with the Maruti Van.
As a person who came from a poor family, he stood to contest the election for the poor.
This is an unacceptable act of violence and the party should look into and take action against this incident,” she said.
Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi, 18, has scored five goals for Shillong Lajong in the 2017-18 I-League season.
CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing has strongly condemned the murder of a 3 month old child at Mission Compound, Shillong. Clarence Jason Rajee's husband is the son of Clarence Jason Rajee.
The truth was revealed in a 2008 report by the IIA (Military Wing) of the Indian Home Ministry, which states, “.
He said that the party will prepare well for this election and if the people take over the power to rule the council they will see the working of the district council.
The last rites will be held tomorrow by burning according to Khasi custom at the Marngar crematorium.
Raising this issue, Charles expressed his concern over the arrest of four Khasi from Jatalong by the Assam police.
(iii) mutual respect and dignity; (iv) fairness and transparency in the administration of the country; (v) solidarity and struggle for the marginalized and the poor.
“In collaboration with the Government of India, we have now taken steps to upgrade the Shillong Airport so that large aircraft can land.
“We have asked for time to talk to the Prime Minister Siddaramaiah and the Chief Secretary DK Shivakumar, and if nothing can be done on this issue, we will convene a meeting of the Association to take the decision," he said.
Dr War said that so far there are four containment areas and these are the BSF Police Station at Umpling, the BSF Station at Mawpat and the Nongmynsong Police Out Post. and the Arthritis Department of NEIGRIMHS Hospital.
Dr Arvind Kumar, a doctor at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, said the number of cases was high in Delhi, Ahmedabad and Mumbai.
He said that various government departments of Ri Bhoi District have worked hard to achieve the goal of becoming an Aspirational District, where in 2018 alone, Ri Bhoi District has ranked 51st. The hard work of the officers has now reached the 5th position out of the 112 districts which have been the best in implementation according to the target of the central government which has recognized this district as an Aspirational District.
In the 3000m Under-18 category, Franky Siangshai of East Jaintia Hills won the gold medal and Damang I Lyngdoh of West Jaintia Hills won the silver medal. and Merous Dkhar from East Jaintia Hills who won the bronze medal.
As part of the celebration of World Environment Day 2023, the Meghalaya State Control Board (MSPCB) in collaboration with various Dorbar Shnongs of Shillong, has conducted a cleanliness campaign on the 3rd of this month. 1st of July.
The most important of the schemes distributed is the distribution of schemes to farmers through the FOCUS which is a scheme distributed to Producer Groups, or those groups that have been established. by the government to provide assistance to the people who live in agriculture.
Being a parent is more important and responsible than other responsibilities in the life of a child.
The winners of these matches will face Sailung Ialong in the fourth semifinal on 9th November to compete for the title this season.
Speaking to media, HNYM President Louis Dohtdong, who helped the residents to get information through RTI, said that the village itself had initially sent a letter to the Soil and Engineering Office. Water Conservation Department to explain on the implementation of the schemes, but the office has remained silent without giving any explanation to the residents.
This shows that not only do other communities take responsibility, but they are serious about fulfilling a civic duty, as they consider elections to play a major role in their lives, and the future of generations to come.
The Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on 28th October, expressed her satisfaction to see the participation of farmers from different parts of the Millet Mela program held at the ground. Malki, Shillong, from 28th to 29th October
Because if it doesn't send them away, it will not only spoil the beauty of the city but it will also upset the candidates who lost because it will stir up their hearts when they see these banners.
U Conrad Sangma (party NPP) has dismissed 1000 teachers of govt LP schools without any reason just because he hates the teachers... he has treated them too badly.
Try to absorb new ideas. This is what can relieve anxiety.
On the other hand, MLA Wailadmiki Shylla said that after Ampareen Lyngdoh took over as the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, the district has received two more Urban Primary Health Centers in Ïawmusiang and Mihmyntdu. in Laddalboh.
Both the Congress MDCs came second in the last MLA election where Bah Carnes was defeated by 1200 votes by the then Minister of PHE, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar. .
These problems have become many and need to be addressed from the bottom up.
“We hope that within three years we will complete this work,” said Prof Badaplin War.
Hard work is another reason why everyone will spread the word so that others will follow in their footsteps.
Shillong, July 28: The BJP Meghalaya has alleged that the ruling Congress in the state has colluded with the dewbilat companies in the state to suddenly increase the price of dewbilat to spend on the dewbilat. MLA elections will be held in the state next year.
The union immediately suspended the work permit and ordered them to apply for a Work Permit from the Labor Department to verify it.
Among the 37 candidates, 18 are males and 19 are females.
He said that MeECL should expedite the recruitment of all the 466 candidates who have passed the examination within three months.
Mayrald brought up the issue in the House yesterday by quoting an article published in the Rupang newspaper on 27th June which said 'Government does not help, sher dara ka and teachers to sit the students'
“The Police Headquarters has already sent its recommendation regarding the implementation of the Roster System for the post of Police Constable of UB and AB to the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Ministry will consider this beforehand. “I don't want to announce the notification by the Personnel Department,” said Dr. LR Bishnoi.
He was also a man of intelligence and also a man who researched and researched how to improve his agriculture.
Rakkam said the education department has already transferred the children from schools with few enrollees to other neighboring schools but there are still some schools in some places far away from the schools. villages and such schools the department cannot just transfer the children.
Happy New Year to you all.
What is more shocking is that if the new government is no longer the NPP-UDP government, the ruling party will be affected.
There were friends who went to school with him from the city.
“The party has strongly condemned Bah Rowell Lyngdoh for his statement that the demand for ILP is not the demand of the people but of some groups of political parties,” said Forwardman. that this is nothing but a ploy of Bah Rowell and the MUA-2 government to force the mouths of the people who want to say something for the sake of deciding the future of the state.
The number of cases of COVID-19 in Assam has risen to 58 so far.
However, after the chase, the BSF managed to arrest one of the vehicles near the Shymplong Bridge but the driver fled to the forest area.
The body belonged to a foreigner named Sujit Roy from Cachar Valley.
On this occasion, the Governor's House was also opened for the public to visit.
According to information received, the landslide occurred in the Manad area where 13 farmland of the residents of five villages namely Mawbidong, Pyndenlyngdoh, Lummawbah, Manad and Pyndensohlang have been destroyed. destroyed by the forces of nature.
This unity began before God created man and after he sinned, God said, “The man became like one of us” (Genesis). 3:22).
Regarding the seizure of these illegal cattle trucks and also these foreigners, who were hiding inside these trucks, the HNYF has handed them over to the Byrnihat Police Station for further investigation. you need everything.
Scientists call this smartphone addiction.
Similarly, the Presidents of WKSU, UHM, MYF, WYF and HANM, visited the MCH Hospital on the same day and found that the MCH Hospital is empty and without any equipment.
Speaking to Rupang, the Director of Urban Affairs, BK Panda, said that the Urban Department has already cleaned up all these slums around Shillong.
Besides the MDC, the meeting was also attended by Paiem Wanphrang Syiem, Sirdar of Nongpoh Elaka Sirdarship, Lyngdohs, Longsan Mansan and Rangbah Shnongs of Nongpoh Constituency. The Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, 1997 has been criticized for the failure to include the Bhoi customs and traditions.
The awards were presented by the Symbud Chief Minister Prof RC Laloo and the Principal Secretary Education PK Srivastava.
Lahkmen said that the increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in the state has been terrible in these days and for this reason the education department has decided to He said that if the number of cases decreases in the state, the department will order in any way to reopen schools and colleges.
Speaking to Rupang, he said that in the past he could support himself only with his own income but now he has to wait for his brothers and sisters to support him.
He said the reason is because the village does not want the employees of the company to be harassed by foreigners and there are also cases where people enter the company. “The company has a bad intention to threaten the workers, demand money and such incidents do not please the Dorbar Shnong,” said Bah Wahlang.
Nadda also congratulated the BJP workers for their victory in Tripura, Meghalaya and Nagaland and called this victory a milestone of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's victory. and they shall grow up.
Batskhem was shot dead by several people in Khliehriat and the video was also posted on Facebook.
Earlier, JACATAM had set a deadline of June 2 for the state government to call for talks on the proposal to take over the post of school teacher in the state.
He said that the purpose of the exhibition is to look after the welfare of those business groups registered under UDYAM/UAM and also to elect them to lead the district in the State. bad National Level Exhibition.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Barato Unit on Saturday celebrated its 10th Anniversary in Shillong.
Which mother can feed her brother or sister every day? The Khaitpohjar, on the other hand, with his love for Khasi women, wants to become a paduh, a middle, a man, a man, a man, a woman, to plant the seed of 'suhpein' in the womb of the Khasi women who have prophesied the ryngkap. (Sir 26:12) to spread the seed of peace in the land of Hynniewtrep.
Dr. KK Nongsiej received his Doctorate on 29th October, 2022 from the Department of Philosophy, NEHU, Tura.
He said that the App has been developed by UBI Tech Solution and works by creating a Geo-Fencing which acts as a boundary around the school or selected area. App' will notify you if someone enters or leaves these places.
When Rida entered, the Principal called out, “Come here...Shong.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister for the decision to hold the G20 program across the country. The meeting today on space technology and economy, and the holding in Shillong, is something I am very proud of”.
In this regard, the DC said that the Fishery Department and the police have been directed to conduct an investigation to find out those involved and bring them to justice.
Andistar Rashir led Khliehmawlieh to the lead by scoring the first goal of the match, and S.Kharshilot scored the second goal. the second for Khliehmawlieh in the 28th minute.
Hep said, “Hep, I heard that they had to bring you here from your house.
Jesus suffered and died on the cross because he stood against the tyranny of the ancient Roman Empire and fought against the sin and wickedness of society.
There are two teams from abroad that have qualified for the tournament.
Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers on Tuesday, the former DHS (MI) said that the figure released by the DHS office is not true. at all as alleged, because DHS spends just $248 billion more.
According to police, the Ganja weighed 2.4 kilos and was worth about T.2000 tyngka.
The Party has also decided that the members from Garo Hills will be appointed after the special meeting to be held soon.
On this occasion, one of the former students of St. Edmund's, Shillong, who left Shillong in the 1960s, came to Shillong as the Vice Chancellor of JNU, N Delhi, in St. Edmund's, Shillong, has expressed his sadness when compared to the Madan Polo-Wah Umkhrah area.
The girl was taken from Jowai to NEIGRIMS along with two others including Armstrong Khonglah and Lapynshai Khonglah.
The Meteorological Department has warned that tomorrow will be a day of heavy rain in parts of the state.
This incident has shocked many of the people of the area because it is never heard in Ri Khasi that the himas or raids have to postpone the market day just because of the religious activities of the Muslims except during Christmas. and New Year, said the CORP Newspaper.
In the men's category, Meghalaya lost 0-3 in Chandigarh today, while the women's category will start on Tuesday.
Therbor Lyngdoh, one of the most famous singers who produced many Khasi cassettes in the 1980s and 2000s, said that Gilbert has contributed a lot. the Khasi song.
On the other hand, the Jirang MLA urged the youths who have just returned from other states to obey and follow the directions of the state government, so that this struggle can be successful. against the spread of Coronavirus will be successful.
The death toll from the clashes between opponents and supporters of the CAA in Delhi has risen to 18 so far and five of them have died while undergoing treatment in hospital.
The regulatory framework is in such a way that it’s really easy to get licensed.
Police said that the suspect has not yet done anything wrong to the body of the child, but they are still waiting for the report from the doctors.
At present we are still in the middle of the bridge and therefore what is needed is to build the bridge first”.
The demand for the abolition of tribal status of Christians in Assam, the many attacks on Christians in different parts of the country are proof.
After this, a speech was delivered by the family of Bah Tiklu's son who said that Tiklu was born in July 1988 and he is now alive. 34 years old and he is a good student who has completed some, but he also has the ability to draw pictures, but the job has become a big goal in his life. The life that Tiklu wanted to appear in was in the work of climbing mountains, which until the moment he was with the group to climb this mountain, this young Rangbah, showed his character He was one of the most intelligent trainees among the other young men, until the management of the Nehru Mountaineering Institute declared him one of the most successful trainees.
Police said that Phrangki and Khrehkynsai were traveling on a motorcycle ML 05 J 7437 from Iooksi to Jowai when they reached the scene near Bishop House, Bihsyntiew. Both of them were seriously injured and were taken to Ialong District Hospital, Jowai.
Dolloi and Ar Dolloi FC will compete for the title of the 1st Open to All Veteran Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
He said that besides the drafting of laws to protect the Khasi people, we should also think about the life and death of the Khasi people.
Shillong, March 31: The first semi final of the SSA 4th Division Football League 2023 was played at the 1st Ground of the SSA Stadium on Tuesday.
The Bible also tells of people who worked with God in their journey and struggles in life.
to accomplish transgression, to forgive sins, to make atonement for unrighteousness, to bring forth eternal righteousness, to fulfill revelations or prophecies, to sanctify the most holy.
“I encourage the government employees to work hard because the government belongs to us,” said Bah Warjri.
On the other hand, the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Frederick Roy Kharkongor said that the Model Code of Conduct is to prevent the players from using illegal methods. .
Of the 49 dead, 41 were from the Al Noor Mosque and nine from the Linwood Avenue Mosque.
Speaking on the second day of Chief Minister Start-up and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Week on 15th November, Nimisha Varma explained the journey and launch of Aloe E -Cell, while she started the company with the founding members while she was in college in
If you want to rule President, you can't help.
But that will never happen, because there is no end to the judgment.
Government Minister Kyrmen Shylla and former MDC Violet were the chief guests at the programme.
Regarding the defeat from Sohra constituency in the Lok Sabha elections, the party itself said it was due to the intimidation of the people in the Congress regarding the CAB. Two teams, Umran Niangbyrnai Sport Club and Nongkya Sport Club, have won the Ri Bhoi Day Football Tournament at Umrandairy. to beat Lumdiengblei and Lad Myrdon Sports Club.
According to the figures released, the number of people killed since 2007 is 09, 01 (2008), 06 (2009), 04 (2010), 12 (2011), 36 (2012), ) and 10 had been euthanized by 31 October 2014.
Plant Nitrogen per acre Phan 40 – 60 servings Riewhadem 40 – 50 servings Pai 50 – 100 servings Cube 40 – 60 servingsThe above figures will give the farmer an idea of ​​the nitrogen requirements of these crops and related crops .
It was also written that tens of thousands of new transformers will be purchased for the installation of these smart meters.
The report also discusses the completion of verification and inventory of coal in 24 areas mentioned in the third interim reports dated 23rd June, 2023, except for two areas in West. Khasi Hills District.
“He said that what comes out of that, they can explain to the people that there is a profit and that is when the people will be able to accept to install smart meters in their homes.
If you receive such whatsapp messages, please report and block the number through your whatsapp and send your complaints through the cybercrime link.
He said that the Ministry has been talking to the children who have not yet found their relatives to take them back while those who have not found their relatives have been taken back. country to provide education to them until they reach the age of
“I invite all drivers from different districts of the state and even from Garo Hills to join hands in these protests,” said Bah Jyrwa.
The celestial body, weighing 2.78 kilograms, fell straight from the sky and landed on a ground, which turned into a deep hole, up to 10 feet below the ground.
Champion was arrested from Dawki on 30th November 2012 and released on Tuesday by the order of the Supreme Court.
He said the government should not forget that the land owners and himas have the right to own the land and should not ignore them in any decision it takes.
Stanlywiss Rymbai, former Congress MLA from Umroi constituency, has been arrested on Tuesday for allegedly taking T.8 crore from the Soil Department. and Environment, but it was said that the land is already owned by the Soil and Water Conservation Department of the Government.
“Yes, I will not join the Congress party but it happens that the Congress MDCs also have the same concern on the issues I have brought through. in NC".
It is a place of assistance for women over the age of 18, in relation to violence or abuse in their own family, workplace or community such as assault, rape, psychological and economic abuse or verbal abuse.
On the other hand, Faleiro said the meeting went smoothly and all the Congress MLAs took part in the speech and all of them spoke from the heart in which they complained about the lack of time of the Chief Minister. to meet them.
The Governor said that the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has written to the state government on its desire to hold peace talks with the government without any conditions. constitution of India.
He said that the EC has a responsibility for the issue of the border and the EC has taken responsibility for this issue and will proceed in accordance with the law. deal with this section.
The Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Puramon Kynjing, has convened a public meeting of Khliehtyrshi Village on the 3rd of this month and announced that an election will be held to elect the new Waheh Shnong of Khliehtyrshi. The meeting was scheduled for 21st March.
Umiam will flood if the water reaches an altitude of 3220 feet or less than 5 feet.
Cognates are from your husband's family.
Shillong, June 27: The residents of Thawat village in West Jaintia Hills district have welcomed the construction of an IB cum residential complex at a public hearing held by the MIG led by the Officer on Special. Duty (OSD) Bah Iban Swer today at a meeting held at the Community Hall of Pdengshakhap, WJH.
?"“Yes, Meiieid, I want to see Niakha.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Shillong Press Club (SPC) has slammed the President of the VPP and MLA of Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit for his remarks which insult the dignity of the journalists of the State especially those in the country. Khasi Hills.
Since November 2014, Titos said that the old factory of MCCL has been closed down and at that time he said that the reason was that there was no coal, but when the coal arrived they give enough reason to complete the new plan and soon dewbilat will be produced.
Boys HS School won 5 gold, 3 silver and 2 bronze medals.
The meeting also discussed the illegal encroachment of the Government on the administration of villages and hima-sima and the court decisions which have delayed the proceedings of the dorbar and which have affected the customs and traditions of the people.
“On the roads, many vehicles have to be closed for 20 days before the dewbilat dries, because they are not like the colour,” said the Secretary of PWD. plastic should be 10cm thick and the clay should be M30 thick to be strong.
However, when questioned, the 11 persons replied that they came to the toilet.
“If you say that from the pulpit, it will shock people.
Satya Malik said he is ready to cooperate with the state government for the good of the state and will set targets for the rapid development of the state.
At the same time, Bah Paul said the opposition will take it to the House to take a decision to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Does this mean that if you are a criminal, you will be killed like an animal? Is there no law in Assam? is this state without laws? Will the police shoot and kill those who are? They are not those smugglers, because they have not been proven but they have been accused but even if they are proved there are rules of law to punish them and not to shoot them dead,” said Ronnie.
The Top Model India was held in Delhi from 19th to 23rd November to judge the leading contestants from across the States.
The NPP has appointed Dilip Kumar Borah as the leader of the NPP in Assam.
During the inspection, the CoRP found that a company known as MAA Corporation, from Christian Basti, Gwahati had constructed the renovation auditorium without a trading license from KHADC and found 11 contractors without labor license.
The Shillong Press Club congratulates and expresses its pride that one of the Khasi newspapers in the state, “U Nongsain Hima”, has received the Ramnath Goenka National Award. of the Lok Sabha, Sumitra Mahajan.
This action of the Meghalaya government has surprised many churches especially the various political parties in the state and even the opposition in the state legislature.
Bah Akbar Malang explained about the cultivation of shynrai, he said that shynrai is a plant which differs from one place to another.
FKJGP General Secretary Shanlang Diengdoh, MWA President Donny Ranee, WARB President Thomas Rangthaluh, Marshal Diengdoh and many others were present on the occasion. others.
Many of the shops have been occupied by myndeer who have promoted their trade but ours have become mynder in their own country, and this is where we see who we are. It is not our excessive enthusiasm at the time when they were young.
What should be read and what curriculum should be developed or the syllabus or what children should read should be prepared and decided by teachers, scholars, professors, institutions and not by There should be no politics in the management of any school, because if you want to destroy any school, use political tactics and there will be a division between teachers and students. “It's a good idea to have a strong relationship with each other and in the end, the school will decline,” said Rakkam.
Appealing to the people to support the Congress, the Congress candidate said that the party has up to 2 lakh votes, but it still needs 5 lakh votes to win because of all the votes in the Shillong Parliamentary. The constituency has 12 lakh.
The presence of the BSF does not help the trade and they should have the State Police and they should work with the people to reach an agreement on various issues.
A few days ago, the Minister of Social Welfare admitted that the decision to remove Kong Phidalia Toi as the chairperson of the MSCW was not on the basis of rumors but after the review according to required documentation.
“Therefore, the State Government has tried to explain to the people on this issue but it will be a difficult task,” he added.
The union said that the scheme has not only benefited the people of the area in the development of the area but has also provided them with jobs where they can work for 100 days a year.
The central government has implemented many schemes in the state, but the implementation has not been as it should be,” said Bah Mawrie.
It is true that although tourism has increased in the state, only a few people can stand on their own feet.
He said that even the neighboring villages of these villages, have been filled with fear when they sleep at night due to the instability of the forest fire.
Mylliem SC will play against Lawsohtun SC in the 1st Division Football League 2023-24 at 2:45 pm today. Sohra Government College today received a complete building, when the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, inaugurated a new building along with hostels for boys. and girls.
He said this will end the allegation against him that he speaks one thing in the government and another in KHADC. “My resignation will end all this,” said Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
She said that the government is ready to establish the Shillong Medical College under the supervision of the government as it has already provided many of the requirements from staff, equipment and all that remains is to provide others. shortcomings such as Human Resources and others.
The Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs have failed because they have not been able to build the cooperation of the people to bring peace in the state, he said.
“The person has released a large area which should also enter the main gate of the place of worship, we think it is appropriate to give a place to it too,” said Minister Langstieh.
The body of the child was handed over to the Khliehriat Police Station on Monday after the post mortem at Khliehriat CHC for legal purposes.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that through the curfew in Shillong, the health department has tested more than 1000 people in the past two days. people living in containment areas.
Let us be the change we want to see.
Expressing his concern over the influx of residents from Manipur to Meghalaya, Bah Titos asked the state government whether it wants to see the emergence of a refugee colony. In the state, the Refugee Colony is not included in the state.
"The HNLC also said that Prestone and Sniawbhalang have been used by Garo leaders, Mukul Sangma and Conrad K Sangma, first in the Congress and now in the NPP. “We have witnessed the long-standing presence of the Harijans in this Bri u Hynniewtrep.
The Nomination Committee will elect a Chairman to lead the Committee and will consider the re-election of the office bearers of the UDP Central Executive Committee for a term of three years.
If we have found the root cause, then we will take the right steps to bring peace and protection to the nation.
However, the Court said, “The Court cannot accept that the State Government or the Senior Officers would not be aware of the existence of 57 Coke factories operating at night until they were closed down by the implementation of the The order of this Court after hearing the Public Interest Litigation (PIL)”.
James Lyngdoh, Working President of the party, told The Shillong Times that Ma Vincent will contest again for the Shillong seat, while in Tura, there are five candidates. this time.
In 2009, the Meghalaya government had signed a memorandum of understanding with the Akhil Bharatiya Kishan Kalyan Samiti (ABKKS) from Silchar, Assam to run the hospital. to provide better services to the people, but after the social agreement with this organization, it has not been possible to provide doctors.
After the separation of Assam from Bengal and its creation into the Chief Commissioner's Province in 1874, the Khasi States and those Khasi Himas and parts of the Khasi Himas which were converted into British Areas, fell under the Political Agent of to Cossyah Hills Political Agency.
The 59-year-old Slovak leader was shot five times in the incident.
Another elder from West Jaintia Hill said that the price of food and beverages in Jowai is too high, a good bought from Shillong for 5 tyngka in Jowai is 15 tyngka. don't paint on this".
As soon as the parents die, the mother's family takes care of her children.
Tiyana scored 533 points in the singles event.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Shakliar Warjri expressed his pleasure to witness the enthusiasm and need of the youth to showcase their talents through this programme.
Ardent said that he doesn't blame anyone and he doesn't blame anyone and he used to say these words in the newspapers, at public meetings or to his friends that he is a “But I will try to hold fast to the foundation on which I stand, therefore I refrain from putting personal reasons except when I fall on the foundations, it goes its own way,” he said. let Ardent.
In the field of health, the residents have complained that they do not have the necessary health facilities.
Now it has happened but my problem is that I can't do anything because the pyrsa is too stupid like a myrsiang,” said Maheh. it was like a promise we made.
The Symbud Myntri of the State, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, the Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, MLA, Government officials and thousands of people of Niamtre witnessed the closing ceremony of the Behdeiñkhlam festival. The Seinraij Tuber was held at Tuber Kmai Village, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
May U Tre-Kirot Kynrad bless and protect us from the spread of the disease.
Jowai, June 25: The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang has called for a curfew from tomorrow 26th from 6 pm to 6 pm on 27th June, Neighboring villages like Chunwakhu, Ladthadlaboh and the Seiñ Raij Jowai have been ready to give their full support to the 36 hour curfew.
The movement for the establishment of the School of Revelation took place in the 19th century in England and the first School of Revelation was opened in Gloucester in
Even after the trucks have paid the tax set by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), they still have to pay the tax at the tax gates. revenue of the Hima Mylliem.
Why do you say that?".
He said that the JACBoM has prepared up to 600 pages of documents to challenge the MoU signed by the State Government in the High Court of Meghalaya.
Marvelous Dkhar has been teaching at the school since 2002 and Nicely Pakem has been teaching at the school since Level according to the requirements of the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) Standards, the statement said.
The program was conducted in collaboration between the CIFT, Kochi, the District Rural Development Agency (DRDA), and the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills through the scheme known as Project of Coal India Ltd CSR Scheme.
Speaking to them at the venue, these temporary employees under the jurisdiction of the State Sports Council, said that until now they have received only T.2,000 per month which is a very low salary. They don't even receive the salary set by the government.
“For now, we will take it back to the Core Committee of the UDP and it will take only 2-3 days, and after that, we will give our opinion to the Government.
They said that when they asked the drivers, they explained that the police just checked the number plate and released them from Nonghyllam PS to Nongstoiñ.
Students should not be blamed for temporarily dropping out of school.
On the allegation that there was a stone throwing which caused the landslide, Prestone said, “It is what we have to do where we cannot move a big stone when building the road”. .
All those announced today are men.
“Slasha is used by all the people of the world, so if this Society can make itself known and produce more Slasha without the use of chemical fertilizers, the time will come when “This Society cannot fill it, because there is a lot of demand for Slasha produced from this area,” said Dr Mukul Sangma.
With a deficit of 142 runs, SCA-B scored 162 runs without all the batsmen, with Prashant Ojha leading the team with 82 runs from 55 balls.
Regarding the parking of two wheelers at this place, HITO has suggested that no one should be allowed to park except those who come to study or those who come to drop off and leave school from this school.
The MLA's remarks came after the protests of many border villages which have been transferred to Assam under the social boundary settlement agreement signed between the Government of Meghalaya and Assam on 29th October in Delhi. for 6 areas out of 12 in total.
They also said that the Zonal Feed Mill, which does not exist in Lumnongrim village, is located in the middle of Umsning area, up to the National Highway, which is a convenience for the commuters who work. inside the premises, but now that it is planned to be taken away, it will be a great suffering for the workers.
If a thief carries a knife or any other weapon, it will put the owners of the house in danger of fighting or fighting if it leads to injury and death.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi today met Pope Francis as part of his visit to the G20 summit in Rome, Italy.
The Jews or Israelites did not believe and accept Jesus as their Messiah, and therefore they could not accept the New Testament of Jesus Christ.
Shillong, Iaiong 16 : The Border Security Force (BSF) of India has tightened security at the border and has also stopped searching trucks coming from Bangladesh after unloading stone and coal using They also said that the trucks were carrying weapons and drugs while they were on their way from Bangladesh to India.
Shillong: There have been 65 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills today, of which 57 are civilians.
For the convenience of tourists, Chyrmang, Mustem, Thlumuwi, Phe Phe and other roads will be constructed at a cost of more than T.16 crore.
Rajnath also stressed the need to strengthen border security, saying he would hold talks with the Chief Ministers of the North East to curb smuggling and entry into the country. illegal exodus of people in border areas.
“Why do you say kong...?” asked the Kongthei. “There is a man who came to walk along the road early in the morning as if he came from the house of Lanosha's mother...” said Kong Mon. The Kongthei nodded. I understood that it was Bah Deng.
“It is an honor for me to hand over the BCCI Championship Trophy to this championship team.
However, as soon as it was 8 pm especially from Monday to Thursday, the drivers were shocked because of the heavy traffic jam.
Shillong: After the MLA from Baithalangso Constituency, Assam, Rupsing Teron, together with the leaders of the Karbi Students Association and the Nepali community on 5th July 2022, came to stop the protest. The Minister of PHE, Renikton L Tongkhar, on Tuesday said that the JJM scheme has been implemented in Ummat Village, Mawhati Constituency. The ban on the implementation of the JJM scheme in Ummat village is not by the people or the officers of the department in charge of this area, but by the MLA. Renikton said the Deputy Commissioner has already sent a letter to the government and the government will take action on this issue.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Lumshnong Unit on Tuesday deported 26 foreigners who wanted to come to work at the Star Cement factory in Lumshnong.
Speaking at a meeting organized by the Muslim Rashtriya Manch (RSS branch for Muslims) in Ghaziabad district of Uttar Pradesh, Sarsanghchalak said, cannot move forward without the unity of the country.
However, while the public hearing was going on, about 100-150 people came and started destroying the houses, chairs, and tried to destroy the houses. The fire broke out at the house, said Jaspal Singh Dhanoa, Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District.
Everest, Anthony Syiemlieh, who made a name for himself in the UFC fight in Delhi recently, and Badonlang Rapsang, who is preparing to go to Germany for training in boxing.
If you listen, your brain will be destroyed.
Pala, Member of Lok Sabha from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, said the Central Government's plan to change the name of India to India is a sign of the BJP's despair. He said that the BJP government is working only for some communities and traders.
He said that the people in the truck stopped at midnight, one of them was arrested at 5 pm and the other at 6 pm.
Musical instruments are not used in the Bible church.
He said that the union is not only interested in meeting with the EE of PWD to discuss the construction of the road from Nongpoh to Umden and passing through to Sonapur, Assam, but also to ensure the safety of the people in The union will soon meet with the Symbut Minister and Minister of PWD to demand that it is time for the government to expedite the cleaning of the road. He added that the people of Umden Nongtluh in Ri Bhoi District have been waiting for decades and if the government cleans up, it will really improve the income of the people of Umden Nongtluh.
In the case of commercial vehicles carrying passengers from 7 to 12 passengers, the fare is T2.05/- per kilo meter which has been increased to T3.60/- ten kilograms per meter.
Sharma, 52, was seen smirking while the House was in session.
The motorcycle belonging to Bah Vivian Richard Nongsiej (ML05-J-3405) was burnt down at 12.30 pm.
Jerry, who bowled for 4 overs, was tied for 8 runs and took 3 wickets, while Taikupar Nongkynrih, who bowled for 2.1 overs, took 3 wickets. tied 10 runs and took 1 wicket, but it wasn't enough for the team to escape the defeat.
One of the law enforcement officers said that even if the trucks are stopped, a phone call will come from the outside, if they are not stopped, they will be threatened by the people.
It markets the synsar produced by the farmers of Bhoirymbong every year.
He said the government has taken money to pay off the debt which could have caused the state to carry debt.
SRK never thought that Pathaan would be a blockbuster film and feels that the hard work of him and all the members is one of the reasons why the film was a success.
This song attracted and touched the faithful and the residents of Oberndorf.
Shillong, November 17: The Shillong City Youth Wing (UDP) on Saturday concluded the 1st Knock Out Football Tournament 2023 with the winner of the 1st Knock Out Football Tournament The Football Tournament started on 4th November at the 3rd Ground, Polo.
All of them are from the leadership and higher authorities in charge of Meghalaya and especially from Conrad Sangma and others.
The news of hope comes from the market vendors and day laborers who tell us how they earn five to fifty tyngka from their income. day and deposited in coin purses through the decades.
The President of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday admitted that the ruling government of the National People's Party (NPP) is not afraid of other political parties. Speaking at a thanksgiving ceremony held at the Polo Ground today, Bah Basaiawmoit said that if the VPP had not contested the elections, “By the blessing of God, the VPP has come out to defeat many people,” he said. The NPP cannot deny that the VPP is a force that has to think carefully”.
Judging by the attendance at the election campaign rallies, and their enthusiasm, fewer people pay attention to what the candidates and other speakers are preaching at the rallies.
Shillong, November 2: The new Governor of Meghalaya, Dr Krishan Kant Paul will be sworn in as the new Governor of Meghalaya on 8th November at Raj Bhawan at 2.45 pm.
To prevent these threats, it is necessary that AI is developed on a good basis, this may mean that Governments, various agencies and organizations will have to work together to develop policies. and regulation that will spread the good and a solid foundation for using AI in a way that will bring about the well-being of mankind.
It is for this reason that once all the farmers harvest sying, the price of sying drops and the farmers do not escape even the cost of planting and their physical strength.
Even in those days when the forest was still thick and thick, there were many insects, wild animals and many kinds of snakes, and the stones that fell along the way made it easier to build the road.
There is more that we cannot import from outside the state than we have the opportunity to export.
The Dorbar Shnong also requested the Chief Secretary to immediately relocate the Assam Police/Battalion Camp set up by Assam.
At the same time, the NEIPF suggests to the state government to appoint experts to investigate the incident to find out the truth, so that it can expedite the work related to the NGT. “The ban on coal mining by the NGT has brought great benefits to the environment but it doesn't think that thousands of residents live from coal mining.
According to information received from the office of the Commissioner of Taxes, in the year 2013-2014 alone, the department has collected T.1,30,57,930 from 1255 team shops across Meghalaya. and this income is from the sale of licenses and tickets.
“Regarding the disappearance of the two HSPDP MLAs, Bah Lyngdoh said, “The President of the HSPDP has also told me about it and we have considered this and we have been informed that they will come again this afternoon.
“Because the NPP has too much money, they will try to attract others from the Congress and even other political parties to their camp to try as much as they can to support Humpty Dumpty so that he doesn't fall, but I think in November and April the people will become clear and will know how much they have been deceived by this government and thus this government will fall into its own hands.
When the house was quiet, he came out of the place where he was hiding, and saw a beautiful young woman preparing food and cleaning the house.
“According to the news published on July 1, 2022, the RTI applicant has been informed that there are about 3,367 thousand Sanctioned Posts in various Government departments which have remained vacant and recently in the The Synrai Dorbar has just ended, even the Prime Minister has refused to give the number of vacant posts, saying that there are about 3000 thousand.
Let me quote from this book some historical events about the beginning of the Presbyterian Church: (i) “The work of God grew and became very powerful until 1739, about 3 or years since Mr. Harris began preaching, there have been forty churches which he has established in South Wales...”(ii) “Besides Rev Griffith Jones, of Landdowor...he was a preacher...he and he grew up in the service of God.
Now what the people are waiting for is the government's clarification and confirmation whether these meats are safe to eat and will not affect their health.
Therefore, the health department of the country has warned the public to refrain from traveling to these areas where the disease is severe as it can spread to humans even if the disease has spread. strong and strong.
He also urged the new members to be prepared as it is impossible to know whether there will be many struggles in the coming days for the sake of strengthening the Jaidbynriew.
However, if you don't do anything, how can the government pay?
“We have not yet decided with which party we will work with but we will try to work with parties that have the same views and we will work with parties that the people will feel. I don't know if it's a new government or not.
He urged the public to immediately inform the village authorities and the authorities if they know of such people who force children and youth to drink drugs, as the society has been destroyed by drugs. .
Here we understand that we praise God because He has done good to us, that He is mighty and great.
The Minister said that the MDA government has put forward the issue of resolving the border issue and providing security and security to the people and the people will see what the government will do in the coming months. to come for the safety of the border residents.
Regarding the price of Covid patients before admission to the hospital, he said that after holding the meeting, the Director explained that the price of Covid patients is 10,000 is to prevent the guards from walking up and down.
After the arrest, the police have taken them to the Police Station for further investigation and also to identify others involved in the smuggling of counterfeit money.
So we only paid 28% and this is not really a loan either.
Time has passed, and it is clear that the Sixth Schedule has not been able to achieve that dream, aspiration and desire to bring to the Jaidbynriew that rule which the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep expressed on
We want to launch the Meghalaya Model starting from Shillong North and others will follow,” he added.
