The Congress party has also questioned the silence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the bloodshed in Manipur.
The court ordered Thakur to appear in person on June 20 and on other days for questioning.
“We will ensure that the problems will be addressed by strengthening the ICC in all its offices and workplaces,” Kropha said.
The incident took place at Ayoor, about 60 kilometers from Thiruvananthapuram.
He also reminded that these days are facing many challenges and struggles and it is the duty of the Church to look after and fight against these challenges.
Ri Bhoi Police are conducting an investigation into the incident to find out the exact cause of the collision between the scooty and the truck.
in/covid lane please call 8258811914, 7005728463, 8794064688, 9089171167, 8974282912, 8974081984, afternoon
Two self-propelled drones reportedly landed at the presidential residence, which is believed to be Putin's residence. , it was at 2.30 pm.
As we can see now, almost all the states in the region have started working hard against drugs because they have noticed how much it affects the residents.
What is the benefit of such a rulership? The election is over.
After receiving information about the party, Rupang inquired from the UDP leaders whether they were invited to the party.
This is because I made a promise to the people in
You don't have to have quality, duration, duration, quality; The government should not use it from time to time”.
In the ODIs, Australian spinner Adam Zampa has moved up three places to sixth after his victory in the third match against India.
In this regard, the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack on Friday, when the IS member went to shoot The driver of the Governor's vehicle was killed and six others were killed. Those who were present at the scene were seriously injured.
Although the Myanmar Army used fighter jets and helicopters, the PDF troops targeted two Myanmar army bases on the border with Mizoram.
The filmmaker, who is also the director, said that the story of his new film is good and he hopes that it will attract the audience.
Marak said that India is a country without tyranny and a country with a strong rule of law, so it is up to the authorities to send strong forces to warn the people. these are the groups.
Not only do they see, but they fight against dangers and destruction.
Guwahati: Forty-four political parties in Assam will call a 12-hour curfew on 23rd March in Assam to protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 and the plan to hold a rally on 17th November. 2018, in Guwahati, where Bengali Hindus will hold a rally to support the government's bill.
Shangpliang said he has also tried to meet with BJP leaders including Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma.
In 2014, the then government led by Dr Mukul Sangma, called for talks with the political parties to discuss the issue and a decision was taken to bring about Meghalaya. The Resident Safety and Security Bill was passed into law in
NEHUSU has met with the VC-NEHU after a clash broke out on the evening of the 18th of this month at about 9 pm in one of the boys' dormitories. It is suspected that the incident was caused by a fight between the students which resulted in damage to the doors of the hostel and vehicles of the people. who were parked near the residence of these boys.
“Yes, we will see which party can help and after that, he said whoever can be CM, but Prestone should not be CM,” said Ma Pala.
Here, we see another corruption between the MDA government, the MP and the NGOs who are still strongly determined to protest. Now the NGOs and the people of Meghalaya can no longer trust the MDA government and the Governor of the state because their words and actions are going their own way.
The voting is also to replace the MLAs who are corrupt, useless, unfair, biased, unable to make laws, corrupt, corrupt, illegal, hangamei, lying. immoral, corrupt and money launderers who are the most corrupt and deceitful to the electorate.
The expensive price spent by the candidates to produce these songs has been wasted even when the candidates win or lose and not only the people but even their supporters don't remember to sing these songs.
Shillong, March 13: In an unprecedented incident, a man named Swapan Paul has returned the money he received from the ground floor of his house this morning.
Speaking to reporters, Kong RM Kurbah said that after receiving reports from other states about the presence of formalin in the fish, the Food and Safety Department in the state has started testing the fish. out of 42 fish to 30 fish were found to contain formalin and among the fish tested, more formalin was found in the stomach and The DC said that until the formalin is tested again, the ban on the sale of these fish will continue.
He added that the ICCCs have become the hubs of these smart cities and also a good example of using technology to strengthen urban development.
As part of this initiative, a GAVI-INDIA Strategic Partnership 2022-26 Workshop was held today at Shillong Club for the four states of the North East. Meghalaya, Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland.
Shohidur Hussain, 21, son of Nazur Ali, Golaganj, Jahirul Haque, 23, son of Sared Ali Munshi, Chapar Malajan, Golaganj.
In the gold medal, Hame Shaniah Suiam (Senior Men Point Fighting -57 kg) won the silver medal. Nisanshwa Lyngdoh (Senior Women K1 -48 kg), Bantei Sungoh (Senior Men Low Kick – 60 kg), Arthur Cornelli NK (Senior Men K1 – 75 kg) and Pynnehbor Mylliemngap (Senior Men Musical) won. Hard Style Form).
After this, the jiniania came out and she stayed there for about ten hours.
There were also allegations that the Karbi had formed an armed group in the area to intimidate the Khasi people living on the border and they were threatened.
The seven organizations said that the term of office of the DC has not ended and the DC has a goal to bring development works in the district in the coming months, so the government should not rush to remove him from office. These seven organizations demanded that Kyrmen should address this issue and talk to the Prime Minister and immediately stop the plan to resign from the post of DC, East Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking to media, Kong Ampareen said that Dr. Mukul Sangma's suggestion is only to intimidate the people in the state.
Let us pray earnestly.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) on Tuesday expressed its satisfaction with the opportunity for the state to play in the Vijay Hazare Trophy and Ranji Trophy after playing for the 8th round. 9 years now.
Shillong: The mid-term elections for Williamnagar constituency, which was postponed earlier, will be held on 27th June
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has also banned the public from spreading in public places.
More than 100 activists of the Tehreek-e-Insaf Party led by former Pakistani Prime Minister reportedly have been arrested since the outbreak of violence in Punjab. Pakistan's military base in Lahore in connection with the attack on military bases in January.
After a thorough discussion, the meeting decided to set up an Adhoc Committee with Bah Welbirth Rani of FKJGP as the convener while Auguster Jyrwa as the secretary. West Shillong Constituency Pual Lyngdoh, South Shillong Constituency Sanbor Shullai, MDC Adelbert Nongrum and Ban James Basaiawmoit.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Paul said that along with other foreign musicians, the musicians from the state have witnessed the rise of musicians from the state at this big and prestigious festival. paw good.
He said that as a nation, we should be transparent in the election of leaders to the Legislative Assembly because a nation that is slow will be a loss to itself.
In a statement, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said who injured Victoria? The doctors of the International Hospital or the police. Dispur Police Station has refused to release the CCTV video if it is available at the Police Station.
During Lukaku's time at Chelsea he has faced many challenges.
Remember that pride, jealousy, violence, strife and war never bring peace.
Dr. Kharshiing said that if Woodland's blood transfusion license is revoked, there will be a huge loss to the patients.
Shillong: After the meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek on 4th November 2019, the GVK Company has expressed its support to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Minister said that out of the eight demands put forward by the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU), only one demand was made by the GVK. The increment of 30% shall be increased annually.
She said that the absence of the head of the Institute at this place has made it difficult for them to express their concerns.
No one was found dead on the incident but on the morning of the 10th of this month, several drinkers went to the pata in the morning to play. and when they were come in, they fled, and found the blood lying on the ground.
A very special functional aspect of these events is community engagement.
“However, after they went to the District Council to complain to the KHADC, under the leadership of KP Pangniang, EM Incharge Elaka, at that time he went to find out the truth. They have called a meeting with the participation of the people of Nongwah Mawtamur, Lyngdoh Sohiong and us from the Hima Jirang. 2015 that the Lyngdoh and all the people will sign to hand over Nongwah Mawtamur to the Sohiong Hima and on the 3rd July 2015 they will merge with the Jirang Hima,” he said.
According to the order, it is also prohibited to sell and buy explosives within the district except those who have proper licenses.
The difficulty in driving is due to the increase in the number of vehicles every day while the road remains unchanged.
In the past few days, it was found that the Association has put up a clear sign board, which has written the rules against the slaughter of fish in the river.
He also expressed his regret that the government has not listened to his suggestion that this is not the right time to introduce such a law.
The Seng also admits that there are some of these 9 persons who have not sent their Birth Certificate.
Many schemes for the development of farmers, women, youth and various working groups have already been launched.
Animals don't have that life like human beings, that's why they live lymmuh lymmain without law and order. When the time comes for them to die, they die without hope.
Police from Jhalupara OP on receiving a tip rushed to the scene to conduct investigation.
Even in the midst of the world's troubles, it seems that hope has been lost.
Due to this behavior of the truck drivers, the traffic was disrupted and the district authorities had to patrol the road.
The NESO has called a curfew from 5 pm to 4 pm tomorrow against the CAB. The CAB was passed in the Lok Sabha today by 293 BJP MPs. and her colleagues supported the Bill while 82 MPs opposed the bill.
Here you will find some of the benefits if you can exercise during the rainy season to have a healthy body.
Please search before you publish in the newspaper.
The Minister of Forest was also informed that all this is due to the stability of the Government of India and perhaps to comply with the terms of the Instrument of Accession signed and agreed between the Government of India and the Khasi States.
If you are the owner of this Sati, please call 9615360437 or contact the shopkeeper of Khasi Market.
According to the JSM, the villages affected by the disease are Pamrakmai, Pamrapaithlu, Wapung Shnong, Sohkymphor, Byrwai, Suchen, Iapmala, Byndihati, Lumshnong, Cham Cham and other villages in the district. .
It is surprising that Hinduism is like Christianity or Islam, because it is a religion that came from outside India.
Leningstar Rymbai said the Supreme Court's order clearly states that Coal India Limited will decide on the location where the coal will be mined. or both, and the cost of transportation shall be deducted from the price of the coal.
The HNYM also said that the reservation policy itself is too biased and the introduction of the reservation policy is too urgent, because at that time the first Chief Minister of Meghalaya, after Capt Williamson Sangma, who also approved the statement for the benefit of the Garo people.
The VPP MLAs who did not sit in the House were Ardent Basaiawmoit, Brightstarwell Marbaniang and Heavingstone Kharpran.
“They need to find out where the contamination is happening; you must search because you are the seller; you cannot delegate responsibility to others; but steps for violation of food stability will be implemented," it added.
All participants are requested to wear masks and wash their hands and also to follow all the COVID-19 testing rules.
JOWAI: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Jaintia Hills District has suspended and expelled the President of the FKJGP, Brosenly Siangshai.
After the suspension, Albinus applied for the Congress ticket but it was said that his application for the ticket and the suspension was due to an agreement with Vincent Pala.
The state government at that time remained silent and did nothing, from 2012, 2013 and until
In addition, the union also announced a renewal of the Solidarity Fund for Ukrainian athletes, along with several steps it has taken forward from the Ukrainian athletes. This is part of the #WeGrowAthletics Campaign.
Conrad said the stadium has been designed in such a way that the people cannot use it for other purposes in the future.
According to the Sordar, it is understood that he personally has no problem in giving land but the rest is up to the Smit Village Authority whether they agree or not.
And such things are the desires of the flesh.
The union has demanded that the government should increase the age limit to 35 years for government employment for the state residents and said that they will hold a public meeting on this.
However, they don't understand how much this humiliation and humiliation.
The indoor stadium was planned to be used for the 2022 National Games in the state but for this reason, the government has had to find a location elsewhere.
For example, the land of those who have died without Kur or Kha or the land of those who have fled from the thlen, taro, only the Hima can take such.
Officials from the Soil and Water Conservation Department, leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Mukhla Nongrim and others were present at the inspection.
The Food and Civil Supplies Department on this occasion also released a music video on the ration sung by Wanjop Sohkhlet to raise awareness among the public on this issue.
Tamil Nadu will hold its MLA elections on June 6, the same day as Tamil Nadu.
The Dy.CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem, in an interview with the media, said, “The Executive Committee has followed all the rules and regulations. We have introduced the Delimitation before we set up the Delimitation Committee and we have got the approval of the Lat.
There are places where you can't take tourist buses.
“The state government has had to agree to prepare to pass a law on Rangbah Shnongs without hesitation to resolve this urgent issue,” said the former Chief Secretary.
Bah Lyngdoh said that to accuse the media of giving advertisements to insurgent groups should be to facilitate the bandh or curfew.
Everyone has the right to speak for themselves but we must remember one thing, that we must have a basis for speaking responsibly and not just talking nonsense or following the opposition from time to time. .
There are eight independent MDCs in the group, Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC Nongshken, James Sylliang MDC Mawhati, LG Nongsiej MDC Mawhati, Morningstar Mawsor-MDC Mawshynrut; Victor Rani MDC of Jirang and Hadrian Lyngdoh MDC of Mawkyrwat.
The emptiness among the Hindus, the emptiness between the BJP and those people who should do their duty has become farther and farther.
The funeral service will be held on 20/01//23 at the Wahiajer cemetery at 10:30 pm.
They believe in God but do not act according to God's Word.
There are skilled speakers who know how to explain to the audience in their speeches and their speeches enter the minds of the listeners.
The incident happened at about 11 PM and for some reason the robbers set fire to the vehicle and injured Kenny.
“According to the AD Rule, after the dissolution of the former EC, the chairman has announced that there will be no nomination of candidates for the post of CEM. “It's been a long time since I've filed my name as a candidate for the new CEM seat. I've not filed any files, so tomorrow there will be an election,” he said.
“Now there are many accommodation facilities for tourists who have attracted many young people from the area.
However, the French bih, to do the French tynneng, the Dkhar tynneng, even the naming of the child, they name the child by the English name or the Dkhar name.
However, such Dorbar Khynnah exists in some villages and these Dorbar Khynnah work to teach the importance of cleanliness.
When asked whether there will be any office blockade, road blockade, road blockade, shop blockade during the protest, he said that there will be no such blockade but the offices will run smoothly and there will be no disruption. They have shown a sign of opposition to the Modi government on the change of 500 and 1000 tyngka notes.
However, one of the concerns of the contractors is that these days, it is alleged, that many contractors involved even government officers, by registering relatives as contractors and people of politicians who receive bills. precisely the same as for others unrelated, the bill is hard to miss.
There are also those who teach in schools and colleges.
“However, in the last four years, regardless of whether they are sponsors or not, we have distributed the scheme to more than 9,000 families and I expect that before the end of the year, I will distribute the scheme to all the 11,7 “There are 10 households in the constituency,” said Bah Samlin.
The farmers cultivate many varieties of rice, such as Sabiah, Sabiah-Wakhia, Sabiah-wasting, Watlang, Maroo, Wapnah, Iuha, Manipur, Sootang, Naka, Tadong, Lespah, Lebnai, Government, and other varieties received from the Office of Agriculture and Community Rural Development.
Due to the draw, the game had to be played again through extra time but no one could score.
It was at this time that the Prime Minister said that he will take action and they will think how to do it.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The semi final of the NEHU Inter College Cricket Tournament (Men) 2023 which was held today (9th November) has ended in a draw between St. Anthony's College and BBS College. They reached the final after the victory.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The BJP, which does not have an MDC in the KHADC, will now have a BJP MDC for the first time in the political history of the KHADC. Neil Antonio War will sign a memorandum of understanding with the BJP tomorrow with an MDC from Garo Hills.
The Government should understand that the people have not yet accepted the proposal of M/S Star Cement Meghalaya Ltd to mine coal from Chyrnot as we have seen that the people have opposed in the past, he said. MC Suting, President FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District Khliehriat.
At this meeting, the coal traders had the opportunity to express their grievances regarding the issuance of challans by the DMR office West Jaintia Hills District. .
She just concluded that if it was the way to get there, time would tell and things would become clear.
The scheme has also been designed in such a way that it can be managed and implemented by the villages, Dorbar Shnongs and other departments at the bottom of the Khadar administration.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on July 5, said that the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government will complete its term by the end of its five-year term.
TMC supporters SGE Mominin, candidate and former MLA, Moni Mondol, Bhuttu, NPP supporters Habibur Zaman, MDC, were also present at the scene. in this place.
He said that this does not mean that the Sengbhalang will stop or cancel the protests but they will hold another meeting on the 16th to announce the protest program to force the state government to implement the Inner Line Permit immediately. ILP) in the state.
He said that regarding the progress of the construction of the bridge at Balakhawa, which has been suspended in the past but now they have started again and now the bridge is almost completed. The Acting Syiem of Nongspung Hima has been directed to clarify on this matter.
Shillong, March 2: The Central Government has released T.5.4 crore to the State Government for the implementation of the Public Distribution System (PDS) Scheme in the State.
Suarez's lawyer, Alejandro Balbi, has now left for Rio to appear on Suarez's behalf, alleging that some European countries have committed the crime. , which include England and Italy.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Dr John L. Sailo Ryntathiang, Director of Bethany Hospital, has passed away from Covid-1
According to our information, CP Marak has been the Chairman of the State Pollution Control Board for five years and has been appointed since he was the Chief Conservator of Forest.
Regarding the establishment of the college, he recalled that it was established on 11th June, 1985 and was named 'Sngap Sing Syiem Memorial, Collage' as a sign of honor to this great king. of the Hima Maharam who fought against the British in the past centuries.
When asked about the discovery of the bodies from a coal mine in Jalyiah, Conrad said he doubted that these people were coal miners. or their death was due to some other cause, we are investigating the incident.
Swastic Chettri scored 39 runs, Aman Kumar 30 runs and Bipin Kumar Ray 22 runs.
Christophe took over at PSG at the start of the season, after leading Lille to the 2020-21 title, but the Champions League defeat to Bayern Munich, it has created difficulties and doubts that he will continue to work.
“I don't know, this is true.
The incident happened in Assar area of ​​Doda district on Tuesday morning.
The Sessions Judge's Court has taken this decision after finding all the facts that Dilip Kumar Kharmawlong is involved in the murder of (L) Jaianstar Kharmawlong.
Children who marry before they reach the age of marriage can suffer from various diseases, because their bodies are not yet able to carry them and therefore more many of them suffer from anemia, she said.
After beating Meghalaya 6-1 on Monday, Sikkim along with Arunachal Pradesh missed out on the semi-finals.
What good is that religion which no longer respects the customs and traditions which are based equally on the land, the hills, the rivers, the wildlife and the flowers?
The Chief Minister said that today he will not spend too much time during the meeting as he is in a hurry to visit Mawlynnong. “They need to do something new in the village to attract more tourists from all over the world,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, NEHUSU General Secretary Rudolf Carey Chyne said that Das was recently arrested by the police on Friday evening.
These issues are still pending without any sign that the central government will approve or say anything.
Shillong: A few hours after the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) went to carry placards and banners against the Bengalis, a team of police immediately raided the places where the KSU I went to carry the banners, and the police arrested and removed these placards.
The High Court of Meghalaya today said that the Meghalaya government has been in trouble for not being able to clarify the appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries on the basis of principles. the Constitution of the country.
Jowai: A 63-year-old man named Hamil Talang from Chyrmang village, who came to Iawmusiang to sell khoh, has lost his life after being hit by a small truck No.ML1 -2398 Ebormi Sutnga's car hit him while he was walking suddenly from side to side.
It was also ordered that the shops selling jhur and doh should be open on these days.
In the Junior Girls (48 kg), East Khasi Hills won the gold medal, West Khasi Hills won the silver medal and West Garo Hills won the bronze medal.
Referring to the Disaster Management Department, Bah Lyngdoh requested the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma to take action on the delay in the payment of funds to the families in Mawkynrew C&RD Block affected by the floods. fire and damage due to rain in 2022-2
The judges decided that Violet won the fish farming and production of fish and her strategy is not to use any chemicals and to preserve the nature of the fish or what is known as organic.
You don't have a license but you don't have a Labor Clearance Certificate.
The third earthquake struck Jammu district at a depth of 5 km, the NCS said in a statement. many houses in Doda and Kishtwar.
The total number of votes cast was 2,321 and the total number of votes cast was 2,0
When they do their job, the Government should also understand their needs,” he said.
If before the mid-term elections you said that you will continue to fight against illegal immigrants, fulfill that promise.
The Committee is pleased and congratulates the 183 players from 11 different federations, for playing well according to their disciplines and to bring honor to the you District.
Tura: A 70-year-old woman was abducted on the night of March 8 at Mahendraganj village on the border with Bangladesh in South West Garo Hills.
Last year, Silbi received the Sangeet Natak Academy Award for 2021 from President Droupadi Murmu.
“The school authorities have forced the students to buy new books even when the old books are still available,” said the South Tura MLA.
If the BJP still decides to announce candidates for the Shillong and Tura LS seats, they should not wait until the last minute; They should announce the candidates before four months of the election,” said Hek.
As he said in Hindi, “Whose days are coming but for Shif Modi! (Good days will come but only for Modi!),” said Payeng.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday said that the state should turn the Khasi Patriotic Home at Nongkhlaw into a museum in honor of Syiem Tirot Singh.
The CRPF Jazz Women's Jazz Group, Stoney Haven, entertained the participants.
The government has now closed down its farm in North Brabant, which is also the worst affected area.
And Samuel said, Are these all thy children? And Jesse said, There remaineth yet the youngest, and he is a shepherd, and Samuel hath sent to call him.
As a person who has faced difficulties since childhood to work in car repair factories and went to school, Marking is determined to work hard to fight against the incumbent MLA Bah Pius Marweiñ and the MLA. formerly, Martin Danggo.
Efty United XI scored 204 runs for the loss of all wickets and one player was out in the form of a timeout system for not coming out of the batting crease.
Jowai, June 23: U Minister of C&RD, Sniawbhalang Dhar in the presence of Justine Dkhar, MLA of the constituency as the chief guest laid the foundation stone for the C&RD Block Wapung at Wapungskur. on Saturday in a peaceful atmosphere despite the weather disruption.
A few months ago, before the rainy season, the government had said that due to the lack of rainfall, the water level in Umïam had dropped and therefore, it was difficult to supply electricity properly.
Rangdajied will prepare for their second match against Kickstart from Karnataka on the 15th, Jeppiaar FC from Pondicherry (19th) and Dempo SC (21st).
The smell of the toilet was clean, the toilet was also cleaned.
The distance from Nongstoin to Nongkhlaw is about 13 km.
He said the purpose of this program is as part of protecting the environment and improving the livelihood of the people in the rural areas to prevent pollution.
We supported the leaders but when they won they didn't look at us anymore,” said Bah Bareh.
Another thing that is becoming more and more evident now is the concealment of the truth or deception from within the people who are working with evil while outside they show that they are trying to destroy or destroy the cover of eight miaw and fear. to speak or do the truth helps to spread evil this is the age of criticizing others while they struggle to avoid themselves we expect others to do what they want, while they themselves become only the spectators.
A tragic incident has happened at Bangalikuchi village in Rangia, Kamrup district on the 4th of this month, when an employee of the Assam State Electricity Board (ASEB) was killed. he lost his life after being electrocuted.
Model Higher Secondary School, Calicut University – Malappuram -Sreenandh Sudheesh & Navaneeth Krishnan.
After this, they informed the Village Leaders and the Village Leaders informed the Mairang Police.
Speaking on the occasion, the Sordar of Pynden Umjarain Village said that the Government of India has seen the plight of the people in the area. There are some people who oppose this good intention of the government by carrying the uranium with them.
“Lanosha turned to him as a sign that she agreed.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday announced that up to Rs 344 crore has been allocated for the protection of the two most important water sources of the two rivers. the Umïew River in East Khasi Hills and the Ganol River in Garo Hills.
One of the leading Trinamool leaders was identified from the video as Salseng R Marak.
Shillong: The CoMSO will hold another protest to demand the implementation of the ILP and also to demand the Governor to sign the MRSS Amendment Bill
Other MDCs who supported Stephan Mukhim include Jowai South MDC Saron Paswet and Sohmynting MDC Lakhon Dkhar who have voters from Amlarem Constituency.
Hammut-i Sungoh, 20, from Mynska village, West Jaintia Hills District, has been missing since the 16th of this month and has not returned home.
The teams in Zone 1 of the tournament include SCA-A, RBDCA and SCA-B in Group A while East Jaintia Hills Cricket Association and West Jaintia Hills District are in Group A. In Zone 2, Tura District Cricket Association, South Garo Hills District Cricket Association, West Garo Hills District Cricket Association and West Garo Hills District Cricket Association are in Group A and East Garo Hills District Cricket Association. The two teams in Group B will play each other twice.
“See, I have set before you this day life and death;
Others who came to witness the tournament were Bah Manstudy Nongrem and other elders of the area who were invited.
In a tweet, Balkrishna accused Dr. John Rose Jayalal, President of the Indian Medical Association, of being involved in the conversion of many people to Christianity. He also showed the pictures of the trees to prove his allegation.
When only new books cannot be provided in the market, now the subject of Grammar has appeared. Parents especially from the rural areas who have to come to the city from time to time to buy new books to provide for the needs of their children in school are also affected by the household expenses. .
It is learned that these two men had forged the challans of George S Marak who won the public purchase of coal.
The state as a whole has adopted development projects in many areas such as roads, education, health, small scale and cottage industries, tourism, airports, the ropeway, the Greater Water Supply Scheme, the Hydro Electric Project, the Industrial Estate at Byrnihat, Umiam Mendipathar and others.
The mother of the child, Kenny Paul Sungoh, said that the child left Mynksa village at 7.00 pm on the 16th of this month to meet his mother at Phramer with the intention of going to Shillong. ban bill.
The second floor is used as a hostel for children from poor families from all over Garo Hills.
“To make Khyndai Lad a pedestrian area, the works have gone smoothly and the problem now is to get land for about 100 shopkeepers. The SMB is doing what is necessary,” said Bah Paul.
Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh by 10 innings and 78 runs on the third day of the U-16 Boys' Vijay Merchant Trophy in Cuttack on Tuesday.
Para mangi, para Khasi, we are very strong, we are very strong, but in the face of the enemy, we are like a ksew rem.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the shooting death of four persons is a sad incident and all the residents of the state will be sorry for what happened. The citizens of the state need to be peaceful.
And it was about the sixth hour, and she got ready to leave.
The rainy season has come and many of us like to enjoy the rain especially those who live in the rural areas.
He continued his writing on the lack of funds in banks in the state where within 12 o'clock banks have no money and ATMs are empty and this has caused suffering to the people.
Most of the time it has caused great sorrow to the people when they walk on the road every day from the highway and also especially to the parents who have to think and be vigilant especially when turning according to the time. They go to school every day until sometimes they cannot reach the school on time due to the traffic jam which has caused inconvenience to the people especially the children.
Shillong: The Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) today met with the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla to discuss the issue of No Objection Certificate (NOC) for the signing of the border. on the border with Bangladesh.
With a spirit of gratitude to the Young Minds Association of Ri Bhoi for remembering to erect this statue of this leader, Dr. DD Lapang, said that in fact in his old age after I I have retired from politics, I have decided to retire from public service, but that spirit of service is still strong in my heart and I cannot retire from public service in my old age. and according to my strength I will continue in that public service.
Eggplant foods : Eggplant is rich in the amino acid known as tyrosine.
If you enjoy my writings through articles, please also watch my videos on YouTube (U DO IT) (@udoi981) where I talk about the problems of the country and nation and also in relation to the issues of our youth.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has honored 80 students who have passed well in the SSLC, HSSLC and other examinations at a function held at the District Library Auditorium, Jowai on Saturday.
The stadium in Mohali is not yet ready as required by the ICC. In Trivandrum, kilanmet matches have been allowed to be held for the first time.
All structures above G+3 should be demolished," the Court said.
On the affected villages, Marcus Lapasam said that the villages that will be affected if the BSF camp is successful include Umtyrnga, Umlathu, Umsen, Nagrabil, Pilangku A, Pilangku B, Chibra, Jolsyiem, Jyrmang, Timbogre, Nongspung B, Pyngker A, Pyngker B, Pyngker B, Pyngker C, Pahamjula, Lalmati, Nongspung C, Barapathar, Iongkhuli and others.
The JHADC has allocated Rs 139.19 crore for collection while Rs 140.72 crore has been allocated for disbursement.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Joint Action Committee of All Ribhoi Passenger Vehicles, today filed a petition before Arpit Upadhyaya, Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi Passenger Vehicles. Ri Bhoi, this is to demand that he should pay the arrears, that the government should pay to the drivers in connection with the duty Covid-19 and in this on duty MLA Election
This road is very useful for the people as it leads to Baghmara.
The tournament, which is also a long-standing dream of the Association, will be divided into two categories, U-14 Boys and U-16 Boys.
We will try to implement the reservation in the districts as we did in the past and we expect it to happen now,” he said.
Dr Shulai also explained about the various types of diseases and how to treat them. This explanation is for those who are still healthy and how to treat those who are old. The elderly and the elderly should not take medicines by buying them from pharmacies, but should go to the doctor and take the medicines as prescribed by the doctor.
On the same day, 20 cases have been confirmed including 12 cases from East Khasi Hills, three cases from Ri Bhoi and West Garo Hills and one case from West Jaintia Hills.
Besides, the kharmetor started beating the Khasi youth who had stopped and tried to walk away from the bike.
Bah Tiklu has two young children, a boy and a girl.
“We urge all those who have been severely affected and are still in fear to find a way out, although it is not easy, to escape from all this by putting the future of their children first, grandchildren and the next generation," the statement concluded.
After the meeting, these leaders released 5 quintals of various fish into Wah Khri in the presence of the people of the area.
They were arrested and imprisoned at Nowgong (Nagoan). Two of them were killed by the Assam government and two others are unknown.
“The proposal to the Government to increase the salary is because the teachers have faced difficulties due to the excessive increase in the price of house fees, school fees, electricity fees, vehicle fees and besides we do not receive medical assistance. in sickness," he said.
“We also remind that the leaders of the Voice of the People Party from the beginning did not want to support and cooperate with other groups within the opposition and this sitting in front of the residence of the MLA of Mylliem may On our part and that of Bah Ronnie V.Lyngdoh, we are looking for ways and means how to solve the problems of the people and the nation in many ways. side from time to time.
“If we continue to criticize each other, it will only lead to loss and we need to make the people aware that it is time for us to unite on any issue,” said Bah Rani.
Wanbor inaugurated the Food Processing Unit on 19th June, 2023 by inviting Mawkynrew MLA Banteidor Lyngdoh to cut the ribbon for the opening ceremony.
This indeed reveals the most important new idea of ​​the Khasi, which is that the Khasi respects the rangbah as the protector of the woman, the child, the shibuit and the shibor and the woman as the owner. the guardian of the property of the household'
The new coin is expected to be issued in April this year, and those who collect such special coins, especially those who manufacture foreign countries, are eager to commemorate this. Gandhi's money.
They also said that Bangladesh has not accepted the Shiah sign.
He also urged them to be humble and not to be proud when they compete in the games.
In conclusion, he urged that to bring about development in all aspects, there must be 'unity which is strength, perseverance which is victory and vision which brings prosperity'
“Just to have won a medal, like the others, is really, exciting.
deforestation poses a serious threat to the country.
Two persons were killed in the collapse of houses in Mawkynrew C&RD Block.
The request to the leaders such as MDCs, (KHADC/JHADC) who are the preservers of the land, customs and traditions of us Khasi (Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lngam) to first examine carefully the condition of the nation as a whole.
In my opinion, I don't want women to have any part in the work of the village because in my opinion, women are too busy talking about anything. but it is your vision.
Marcia Dohliang, Secretary of the Association, said that the tournament will be held in different weight categories including junior from 30-33 kg, 38-40 kg and senior. weighing from 48 kg to 67 kg.
Dr Lana, State Nodal Officer of the National Tobacco Control Program (NHM), said that in Meghalaya about 8,000 people die every year from diseases related to tobacco use.
The Chairman receives all the same benefits as the Government Ministers.
Furthermore, if you feel fever, headache, fever, chills or shortness of breath, please contact the Helpline No.94853-95373, 82579-46145, 76420-08817 and 897250-3
He is the MR who has set many issues and targets to achieve for bringing clean governance in Delhi.
Speaking on the opening ceremony, the two leaders praised the vision of the Seng Khasi Sein Raij, in which their organization of such a tournament is part of the efforts to preserve the Seng Khasi Sein Raij. he has the riti the dustur.
On the opening day, various schools of the district as well as young men and women who took part in the Open Category.
On the 4th July 2024, all four parking lots in Iawmusiang will be relocated from 7 pm onwards.
Sources said that the villages in the Rambrai area have been severely affected by the cold weather.
He said that there are many lies from the opposition parties regarding the 2023 elections that the UDP in Mawthadraishan does not have any more supporters but these are just lies that want to explain. wrong to the people who support the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The UDP Amlarem Circle, which held its meeting today, has decided to invite applications for the 2018 elections.
The distribution was carried out through the Secretariat Administration Department (SAD).
All the Waheh Shnongs said that the presence of coal burning factories causes air pollution and smoke which puts the health of the residents of the area at risk.
The testing of COVID-19 residents living on the border with Bangladesh has been conducted through Rapit Test Kits and this started from Ryngku village under Mawsynram Block.
He is the son of Dr. Nichwa LS Nongtdu, son of Mrs. Philis Nongtdu and (L) M. Suja and lives in Khliehriat village in East Jaintia Hills District.
He is also the best player to win the title at the beginning of the season in the Diamond League in Doha on 5th June with the ability to throw the Sum in the distance. of 88.67m.
Former President Pranab Mukherjee today announced that he has tested positive for the coronavirus.
Khawiang attacks those who are too strong in self-control, how much more so for those who are too weak in self-control.
The UPMGH also urged the government not to provide accommodation to the members of the Achik National Volunteer Council (B).
He said that there will be deaths, but it is necessary to prevent the spread of the disease by giving them bullets and IED bombs in the factories, said a statement from Bah Saiñkupar. Nongtraw, General Secretary and Publicity Secretary, HNLC.
On Tuesday, three new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, bringing the total number of active cases in the State to
The Deputy Commissioner also announced that all the villages in the district will take part in the celebration of the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi on the 2nd. April, 2014 by the public to take part in the cleanliness drive in their villages under the Clean India Campaign Mission called “Swachh Bharat Abhiyan” of the Government of India, according to a statement sent by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. MIPR, which is also written in Khasi.
Also present were the teachers and students of LP School Khliehriat East and the parents of the village.
The story of the arrest of these two foreigners, is that they came in a vehicle, which was carrying three people, when they arrived at the village. They got out of the vehicle and went to steal a Mahindra Pick up, which was parked along the road in the village, while one of them was sitting inside the vehicle.
The cleanliness of the surrounding areas, to promote tourism, what happened in Wah Lukha? Turn the field into a place of bread, bread bottles of kyiad all over the river.
We will not allow anyone to take our land without paying the compensation and we will not allow the PHE department, NHIDCL and others to work peacefully without paying,” said Bah Rapsang.
The chip, called Gausatva Kavach, was manufactured by Shrijee Gaushala at a factory in Rajkot.
This lack of appreciation for the work done in the daily activities affects the ability to complete the work on time and causes other ethnic groups to take the lead in various activities.
He said that this farmer development center has produced many techniques and soh for the needs of the farmers of the area.
Khuba said that all efforts will be taken to resolve these issues.
Wompher Wann Organizing Secretary FKJGP Jaiñtia Zone said that if the power outage continues after meeting with the relevant authorities, they will take other strong measures. At the same time, he urged the MLA of the area, Lahkmen Rymbui, to take immediate action to provide electricity to the village.
Change- does not mean Change, Change, Change in Khasi.
There are 17 Parganas in Sylhet and Jaintia Hills.
He stressed on the leadership in science and technology during the 21st century and said India has become the youngest talent factory in the world.
However, this request of the DC was in vain as it was alleged that the driver had spoken harshly.
Two complainants, including members of the North American Manipur Tribal Association, have spoken directly to the Kuki-Zomi people who have been raped, but have not received a response. from the committee, which looks after the welfare of women.
Police also seized two mobile phones from the marijuana and the investigation into the seizure is ongoing, he said.
The residents of Llum Tongseng, are facing difficulties due to the heavy rainfall, the Umtalen River near the Lukha River has flooded and covered the hanging bridge and the hanging bridge. Pick up vehicles have also been unable to pass through the Umtalen River as the water has risen too high and has put the vehicles in danger of drowning.
The Karbi Students Association (KSU) has urged the Commission to hold another public hearing and to allow the public to speak, especially those who were present at the time of the incident. shooting in Mukroh village.
AstraZeneca has acknowledged that the vaccine has a link to thrombosis and thrombocytopenia from blood infections and blood clots. There have been cases of stroke even among young people and after sending a letter to the Supreme Court in the United Kingdom, they have to think. twice the harmful effects of the covid injection which has been distributed to many residents.
Special prizes will also be awarded to one of the schools that passed the SSLC Exam
Therefore, in order to prevent the spread of the disease, these places will be temporarily closed until further notice.
The village leaders of Khanduli on Monday inspected the area and decided to lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District to express their opposition as the area is still under the jurisdiction of the village. Candle.
However, for more than 25 years, he has not lived in the village because he has moved to another village.
“The district council during the tenure of CEM, Bah Ardent, has turned into a 'mobocracy' and no longer a 'democracy' because he has not understood his duty as a leader of the people for about four days. “It's been a long time since the KHADC has been destroyed by the people,” said Bah Paul.
The meeting of the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) will be chaired by the Speaker of the Assembly, Thomas A Sangma on Friday to decide on the date for the discussion of the Budget Session.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs from urban and rural areas has also opposed Mukul's residence bill saying it is not a good bill.
On Sunday I and my friends went for a walk to the Golf Link and on the way I looked around and it was my mother's son and that Sahep CRFP Dkhar. I said that they should go and look for my child's place of residence, but I answered those who don't need it because I don't have any interest, because I also want the CRPF Dkhar. Sahep Dkhar CRPF. Then, how does your father feel? How do you feel ? When you are the only Poiei inside the house.
Today, Smit will play against Kith United at 10:30 AM and Assam Rifles against Umphrup at 1:30 PM.
Furthermore, these Rangbah Shnongs also wanted clarification to better understand their role as Rangbah Shnongs to curb the issuance of syrnot and NOCs to foreigners. instructions to them on this.
inThere are 766 students from all over the world who will receive their degrees on this day – B.Tech (177); BCA (27); M.Tech (31); MSW (56); MCA (18); MBA (35); Psychology (20); Mass Communication (7); Education (9); Physics (19); Biochemistry (2); Biotechnology (5); and Microbiology (19). 328 students from the Distance Education Wing of the University will receive their graduate degrees at this conference.
Shillong: Police have recovered the body of an unidentified woman at 12:30 pm today.
In Jaintia Hills, too, the Doloi and Waheh Chnongs hold the rank, manners and honor not to die in poverty.
The Rangbah Shnong of Dawki alleged that the employees of the department do not take their job seriously, but they know how to collect their salary only after the end of the month.
These microplastics pollute the oceans, the land and the air.
He said that India exports about 800-850 tonnes of gold annually while the consumption is about 1,000 tonnes which means that up to 150-200 tonnes of gold is smuggled into the country every year.
Sangma said that Meghalaya has implemented roads that can withstand the four seasons and these will connect to market places and tourist spots, in order to help the people of Meghalaya. He expressed the need to urgently complete the Umroi and Baljek airports, which will open up trade and commerce with neighboring countries.
It is understood that the Ministry of Home Affairs has proceeded with the matter and is now seeking advice from the Legal Department. Your demand will be implemented as approved by the District Council.
In the petition, the MLAs, MDCs and EMs of TIPRA Motha said that the indigenous people of the state have been ruled and discriminated against as non-indigenous people. of the state.
From this increase in tobacco tax, the government expects to collect more than T.15 to T.20 lakh.
Besides Process, the government has appointed former NPP MLA Satto R Marak and former Mairang MDC Equator L. Nongrang as Co-Chairman of SDRC in Category A.
The Minister said that this decision is sure to be accepted by the entire state as it is one of the few states in the country that believes in the empowerment of women in society through you have the mother's right.
The chief guest was Mawlai MDC Teiborlang Pathaw, Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong, office bearers of the village organizations and others.
Tbn.DC Lyngdoh, Executive Secretary of the Presbyterian Church Jowai, said that the Church has decided to suspend the services of the Church on Lord's Days and Wednesdays from 2020 to 31
We hope that this disease will be cured and for a while we will leave it behind but for now we the residents and the government will work together to bring about mutual benefit.
“Unfortunately, the deficit teachers have not received their salaries for three months from October to June 2019,” said Babu Kular.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 13: A man from outside Meghalaya has drowned in a river at Od-Ringai, Mawten, South West Khasi Hills District today.
Three of the five persons in the vehicle fled the scene but only the other two persons were arrested. They were identified as Dawan Dkhar of Wapung, Tre Phawa of Pynthorsale and Kamai Dkhar. the testimony of these two men.
However, the inability of the opposition political parties to unite has made it easier for the BJP to win the elections whether in the states or in the country as well.
He also encouraged the athletes that he hopes that all the athletes who attended this day will one day lead the country to win medals in the Olympics to bring fame and glory to the country. the state.
Exodus 32:1-6.
They also expressed their gratitude to the MLA for taking care of this issue for the people of Mawlai.
However, the Government has not implemented our demands but has proposed to increase the salary in a few years from T.1800 per month per teacher in 1995 to T.29 thousand per annum. teachers as of November, 2022,” said Kong Kharumniud.
Police have not yet arrested the suspect.
Gavin Partington, of the British Soft Drinks Association, said soft drinks for athletes are designed to relax during or after sports. you shall not drink it.
The Shillong Premier League 2023 will be held in the final of the Shillong Premier League 2023 in which the Mawlai Sports Club will play. The match against Rangdajied United FC will be played tomorrow, 11th June 2024, at the SSA Stadium, First Ground, Polo, at 3 pm.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle has alleged that the construction of the Residential School in Pdengshakap has been irregular and has strongly condemned the officers of the PWD department for not criticizing or opposing the working of the contract. the school.
A Social Impact Assessment and an Environmental Impact Assessment have been completed on this project. to the side of the helipad landing ground.
The 6 Shnong Wah Lukha Association invites all the rawon who come to fish in this river to cooperate with the association by informing the authorities if anyone is found killing fish in this river.
It is learned that the HNLC is still waiting for a message from the leaders who have been sent to Meghalaya so that the peace talks with the State Government and the Government of India can be completed.
In a statement, the Asian 100m record holder has revealed his decision to withdraw from the World Athletics Championships. this year and from the Hangzhou Asian Games and also now facing the end of his career in the current season for personal reasons.
This is not only during the outbreak of the disease, but it has become a common practice in Jowai.
Khliehriat, Lber 20: The Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and MLA of Jowai, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla, today held a public meeting of the National People's Party (NPP) held at the Community Hall of Khliehriat West. The Voice of the People Party (VPP) urged the people not to be misled and not to be deceived. Ma Sñiawbhalang Dhar said that Prah holds meetings and speaks only in the market places because if he calls in the square no one comes. He also criticized the Reservation Policy and said that this has been like shaking the ksing ngap. The opposition to the Hindi language and said that in Parliament for five years they speak Hindi.
This is happening now when the State has a large number of educated citizens.
Noting that the government has also set up a helpline number (1800-345-3644), the Minister said, “Students as well as parents can call 24 hours a day if they have any questions. need any help or if you have any urgent work.
Other leaders include two former BJP MLAs, Bah AL Hek from Pynthorumkhrah and Bah Sanbor Shullai from Shillong South.
As CEM, Bah Ardent has focused on how to immediately abolish the kilo cut by the farmers.
If Dr Mukul Sangma becomes the leader of Pynursla constituency, he will bring about a complete change in the development of the country as he did in Ampati constituency.
Bah Jyllud was first arrested in March
In the Technical Session, NCPCR expert Paresh Shah spoke on various laws that protect the rights of children.
In Tripura, there are 102 new cases of COVID-19, bringing the total number of cases to
the second picture is larger, about four inches in diameter, the third picture is a circle about five inches in diameter and the fourth picture is a circle about fourteen inches in diameter.
The IOC has distributed stove gas to all the households in the village and has also distributed stove gas to the residents of the village.
(iii) The Bhoi who came from the other side of the Umiam River or Raid Nongtung such as Saring, Shadap, Lamare, Lamarai etc.
The Pynursla Civil Sub-Division Office on this occasion also honored four retired officers including Bah Marshall Pohshna, Bah Thersing Samiam, Bah Pasang Lyngdoh and Bah Pasang Lyngdoh. Bernard Kharnary who is also the Chairman of the Pynursla C&RD Block.
Muktiar, who leads the HPC, said that the HPC has discussed the matter with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah but the Chief Justice said that this is a violation. It is nothing but playing fast and loose with the government and the courts.
She said that although he has been a leader for more than 45 years, he has not yet destroyed the nation and its wealth like today.
The 1st Knockout Mawlai Football Tournament which started in June and ended on 22nd June 2023 at Phudmuri Stadium, Shillong.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his gratitude to support these sports clubs and all others who have received assistance and said that it is his duty as a leader to support those in need. within the region.
Aidy has also starred in Netflix's Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and starred in The Big Sick and I Feel Pretty.
The expert who gave the training was the Convenor of the All India Education Forum of Meghalaya and also the teacher of St. Michael's Higher Secondary School, Bah Bisharlang Pyngrope.
“According to him, there were many drug traffickers as well as drug dealers.
Since 2011, the water scheme has remained incomplete even after it was scheduled to be completed within a year according to the schedule of two years.
Anushka's visit to Cannes will also be part of the tribute to women involved in cinema.
Dr Mukul said that during the year when he was in office as the Chief Minister, it was found that there was a shortage of border documents and the government at that time had struggled to provide them. record.
“This book is like a Christmas gift and it is also a lasting and blessed gift,” said Pastor Gadew.
Let us hope that it will submit a report to the party regarding the talks with Dr Mukul Sangma,” said Lyngdoh.
For the future of the hospital, Dr RR Hughes relied on the strength, skills and knowledge of skilled local doctors such as Dr Romily Basawmoit, Dr Jerisim Dkhar and Dr Frank. Niangti, Dr S.S Sharma.
The clash between security forces and insurgents in the Kokernag area is the second in the past 24 hours.
“In the district council, the culture is the same but as a party with a foundation, the UDP will look into it,” he said.
The HNLC said that it has resigned from its military activities in order to conduct its peace talks and said that now that the peace talks have failed, the HNLC will not turn back. or to be like a dog, which desireth flesh.
This was taken at a meeting held on 5th March 2013 in the presence of about 400 people from the people of Bataw Constituency. Stand up.
“The chiefs of Nongkhlaw, Myriaw, Nonglang, Mawiang and others have met with the Principal Secretary to monitor the closure of the musur gates on the National Highways and State Highways.
“We have set a target that the number of voters in the state should not be less than 18 lakh before the elections,” he said.
Bah Pynshngaiñ, in his speech, congratulated the youth and elders of Wahingdoh Village who have organized such an award ceremony which will be an inspiration to the students.
We together with the group since 2010 we started the campaign for Clean Politics but the AAp started in 2011 but the people there are quicker to understand the need for clean governance in which the AAP I have been in power for two terms in Delhi.
Using his power during his political career, he was able to acquire a plot of land in Gomtinagar, Lucknow.
The letter states that some children under the age of 15-16 years have carried these guns and some youths who have seen this have taken responsibility. These children have thrown away these guns at Wahumkhrah from Umpohliew Bridge, Jaiaw Laitdom. The letter also states that the guns are not true. fake news.
You have many skilled leaders” and hopefully, with the cooperation, we can do better.
The trainings were very beneficial for those who attended this day.
Abhishek Bachchan has not been able to respond to a tweet.
In the first leg, Moodymmai beat Myrjai 4-1 by Sunday Talang in the 14th minute and Benison Rymbai in the 14th minute. 24th, 71st and 68th minutes.
Harsh Baweja has been appointed Director (Finance) of REC Limited with the approval of the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC) on 10th June,
Therefore, to address the destruction of the environment such as trees, the youth of the NPPYF have conducted a planting of tree seedlings in the areas where the trees have been destroyed. tree.
“We strongly oppose the decision to implement the NEP-2020 without the consent of the university and the Vice-Chancellor (VC),” said Dr. Buam. She said that the demand of the union has received support from NEHUTA (under the leadership of the President, Prof. Lakhon Kma). ) has decided not to reject the letter sent by the Officer on Special Duty (OSD), Debashih Chowdhury to the Principals of Colleges Affiliated to the University to proceed with the implementation of the The NEP through the Four-Year Undergraduate Program (FYUP) from the beginning of the 2023-24 academic year.
In a beautiful way, from the skills or the rhetoric of the leaders of these organizations, to mislead the people, to the selfishness of the same people, who have thrown tyllan into their own country. and these leaders shall speak with their own mouths.
Therefore, they strongly condemned that if the Meghalaya government does not do anything, all the workers from these factories will leave and return to Assam and protest against this attack. They also gathered at Jorobat to protest against the Khasi who came to Assam.
It is to be recalled that the Prime Minister had presented the budget in the House on October 23, 2023 which is short of T.1,592 crore for the year 2023-2024 due to the estimated expenditure of T. 21,034 crore, excluding the repayment of loans of T.988 crore, and an estimated revenue of T.19,442 crore excluding the borrowing of T.2,339 crore.
They are known as the road workers, cleaners and garbage collectors or metor of Shillong.
Last month, the HYC had met with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla and submitted to him a petition that the District Council should take over the implementation of the Innerline. Permit, as the government has handed over the ILP to the District Councils to look into the illegal entry of foreigners and foreign authorities in the Autonomous Areas under the jurisdiction of the ADCs. , that the CEM, Bah HS Shylla, has urged the Chiefs of Hima and Village Authorities to join hands to prevent and think carefully about the entry of foreigners, foreigners. in the villages and towns of Ri Khasi, because they are the maki who know well their own villages and towns.
After his disappearance, the family members and the village as a whole have conducted a search operation until now and have informed the police about his disappearance. but they didn't find him.
However, after the flag raising ceremony, it was reported that the college authorities called him for clarification and he replied that as he is a member of the MCTA, he took part voluntarily and from the college. The Governing Body did not accept the reply and ordered him to reply by 9 pm on the same day.
The incident occurred after some people opposed the spraying of drugs because many of the residents of the village did not know that the spraying of drugs would be to kill the spread of the disease. COVID-19 and those who oppose it are groups from another parliament.
Recently, the leaders of these refugees who have fled to Meghalaya have met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma to seek support and protection for their fellow citizens. The state of Manipur is located in Shillong.
The National Lok Adalat has received 837 pre-litigation cases and 450 pending cases for settlement.
As one of the participants in the program in Nongpoh said, “Why do you want to start your own business?” “It is a way for us to manage our destiny. It is also an opportunity to earn money. If you find that this initiative speaks to your feelings and experiences and perhaps you would like to To encourage and promote the efforts of the Barefoot Trust and Prime Meghalaya to create sustainable employment opportunities for people with disabilities in our state, we would be pleased to hear from you.
However, until now, no sign of action has been taken from the decision of the meeting between the two districts for the purpose of bringing peace and stability. at the border.
The number to call is 112 and the ambulance has a doctor in one vehicle and two assistants and will arrive within 15 or 20 minutes, as soon as there is a complaint. cow.
The Sengbhalang leaders who called for the curfew said that the police are searching for the Sengbhalang leaders to arrest them for these incidents.
He is also the UDP candidate for the MDC election from Nongstoin constituency , and has also contested the MLA election from Mawshynrut as an independent candidate in the year
The death toll from Covid-19 has risen to 7 including the one who died last night.
The robbers tried to break the lock of the bank and also stole the CCTV cameras in front and the tube in front.
Shillong: On 14th June 2022, the BSF seized 68 cows worth T.9,78,100/- which were about to be smuggled to the border of the state. East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills districts.
Kynshi, November 13: Kynshi Mawphynaiñ, Kynshi Mawphynaiñ, has won the title of the 1st Kynshi Pyllun Football League by beating Kynshi Rashan 3-1 in the final held at the 1st Kynshi Pyllun Football League. Kynshi Round.
This means that the production of food from the villages, from the plains, from the hills, from the rivers and from the rivers – it must be complete and self-sufficient.
AMPSTA urges all teachers appointed after 01.04.2010 onwards and also deficit Lower Primary School Teachers to come and take part in this march.
The Congress leaders have expressed their views by informing the public that the Meghalaya government under the leadership of the Congress party has brought a resolution in the Legislative Assembly against the government's announcement to ban the harvest. They said that the decision will be written to the Central Government to exempt the state from this order.
At the same time, the BJP believes that the UCC is the key to the country.
The price increase may be due to the floods in many parts of Assam and other parts of the country which have damaged sohmynken and other jhur fields.
It will continue to take action against the illegal mining and illegal trade of coal.
Hoarding or illegal marketing of capital goods is strictly prohibited.
The Ranikor Area Farmers Association (RAFA) has also taken a final decision on how to deal with the wild elephants who have come to destroy their crops.
The truck drivers, Ballabh Singh and his son, were shot dead by the BSF. The truck driver, Ballabh Singh and his son, were shot dead by the BSF. They were arrested by the soldiers because they did not want to pay the money illegally collected from the gate.
Lambokstarwell Marngar, who has served as President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) for two terms, has been appointed as President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) for the next three years.
Khan also ordered Sujata Khan to completely remove her jait from her own jait.
The union today also came to ask the Minister of Electricity, on the appointment of Chettri as Director of Distribution in MeECL, as he is still a junior, when Compared to the Khasi officers who have worked for a long time in this department, the Minister promised to look into this matter.
They know without being commanded what is proper in dress and grooming and have an understanding that dignity is essential in their lives.
We on behalf of the family, we know that you are all sad because the opportunity does not allow you to come to condole especially to come to congratulate her, but you express your sorrow through social media to our homes as a sign of encouragement to those who are still alive.
Nongpoh: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in Ri Bhoi District, in a statement sent by Samla Receive Pator, has appealed to the people of Ri Bhoi District, not to Avoid open forest burning, because forest burning not only destroys the environment, but often causes tragic incidents, as some families have suffered the loss of their homes. and the plants, because of the fire that the enemy has kindled in the forests.
From 10 pm onwards, people came out to get the injection, despite the heavy rainfall.
In the Women's Open XCO Mass Start, Phyrnai Kyndait won the gold medal while Lawankordor Swer won the bronze medal.
In the past, we have witnessed that those who came out to contest the elections are intelligent and also people who have the spirit to help like those Riewpawkhmat.
Hindu nationalists continue to use false allegations of conversion to justify attacks against Christians while police look the other way. 32 people have been killed and 108 others have been injured. Two trains collided in Egypt yesterday.
According to the Paiem, there are about 60 cleaners appointed by the Hima to clean the market every morning and evening but this is not enough.
The army had to bring in its own fire extinguisher to use foam (Sboh) to extinguish the fire but due to the intensity of the fire, the army was still struggling to extinguish the fire. the fire that is still burning inside the house.
On the 45th of March 2020, which is also my 45th birthday, I had the opportunity to listen to the live stream of the Holy Mass, the Mass for the celebration of the 45th Birthday. anniversary of the passing away of the late Archbishop Dominic Jala.
“We have stepped up security in the Motphran and Iewduh areas,” said SP (City) Bah Vivek Syiem.
“The use of modern technology will help a lot, but the illegal ones have been banned and if there are others who violate them, they will not be allowed to operate,” he added.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA and Chairman of the Monitoring and Implementation Committee of the 19th Shillong South Constituency today handed over a Work Order worth T.1 crore to the Secretary of the Committee. and A.Marwein.
Congress President Rahul Gandhi led a rally in Delhi to protest against the sacking of CBI Director Alok Verma.
“This is unacceptable, if they want to lodge a complaint, maybe the Election Commission will accept it but they cannot establish the basis because they have been ringed with photographs. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Pynïaid.
Momin President of AHAM CEB, HQ.
The Delhi Government conducted an assessment to identify the real feasibility of working on the reduction of air pollution levels in the city.
Thus Yahshua comforts your heart and life itself by not letting your hearts be troubled.
Although this increase was not significant, it was the only sector to increase in terms of income, at 14.6 per cent over the past 40 years (1968 – 78).
Edystone said a meeting has been held between the DC, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla and six villages on the issue of garbage dumping in Mynkjai.
The opening ceremony of the Judo tournament was held today at NEHU Shillong in the presence of Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi, Director General of Police, Meghalaya as the chief guest. Inspector General of BSF Meghalaya Frontier and Chief of Army Staff from these departments of the area.
Unfortunately, such articles intimidate people to do what is right because of these kinds of allegations.
The government's order to forcefully inject all the residents is wrong.
Not only that, he said that those Gorkhas who enter India by plane or from the border with India or through a visa should not be considered as citizens.
KSU Khliehriat Circle has taken this opportunity to request the government and the relevant authorities to provide immediate assistance, so that the refugees can receive assistance in time.
The Minister also launched a Community Investment Fund (CIF) of 14.50 lakh tyngka to 5 Village Organizations and 4 lakh Bank Loan to 4 Self-Employment Organisations. Help Group.
Hek said this after filing his nomination papers for the MLA election-2023, which was accompanied by Union Minister Dr Jitender Singh in charge of the Ministry of Science and Technology.
“I used to think when I would be able to clean up the village roads but I listened to myself and did my job,” he said.
Deepak Nehra (97kg) lost the bronze medal 9-12 to Uzbekistan's Makhsud Veysalov.
Speaking to media, Bah Vincent said that the party has promised that in all districts the party has promised to set up factories to produce agricultural products at higher prices so that increase the income of the farmers.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on receiving information about the incident, summoned Delhi Police Chief Commissioner BS Bassi and expressed his concern over the incident. He ordered an immediate investigation and arrest of the perpetrators.
She has also contested elections in Jharkhand, UP, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Uttarakhand, West Bengal and Gujarat.
Immediately they went to the house of Kong Maya to investigate what had happened.
Ngaitlang said that if the people elect his son as MLA, if they cannot meet the MLA because of his busy schedule, he will take responsibility to coordinate the work as the second MLA. in his place if the people need assistance or when they face any problem.
There are 1,25,381 cases undergoing treatment, 1,24,094 recoveries and 7,135 deaths.
From what we have found and met, as the village leaders living in the area, we are very surprised and what has surprised the village leaders of the area is that there is no Duli buhkot in the Secretariat and District Council. , for the purpose of storing the documents sent from the villages in Block-2
“I confirmed this after contacting my officers.
Shillong: U Dr Chuba Ao, National Vice President of the BJP, on Tuesday criticized the delay of the central government in implementing the Inner Line Permit in the state. He did not want to comment on this issue as this issue should be discussed.
Police also seized 130 kilograms of illegal drugs from these three persons.
Shillong, July 29 : The Khasi Students' Union Laban Circle on Friday met with the management of the Longkmie Gas Agency at Laban Last Stop regarding the shortage of gas cylinders.
It is a family where Jesus Christ is seen as The Head of the family.
On the other hand, the government has launched another scheme for those who have been victims of acid attack and the assistance will be T.3 lakh.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, in charge of PWD, said that the length of the road is 5.5 km and at present it is one way or one way. than Morocco, Golflink.
Shillong, July 06: The owners of houses in Jhalupara area who have been demolished by the Shillong Cantonment Board today have lodged a complaint with the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan. the Cantonment.
These members include John F.Kharshiing (President), Raldeen Bryan Shabong (Vice President), Isaiah Kharmawphlang (Vice President), Sunny P.Dkhar (General Secretary), Regifull Thongni (Assistant General Secretary), Rissan Well Lahong (Assistant General Secretary) and Bah Coverfull Marngar (Treasurer) who decided to include these nine members in the Government Register. including more members when the works are completed.
“It is the will of the people, not the pressure from home,” she said and added, “We are happy that parents are able to raise their children and go north to Mawkynrew constituency. I will serve them as my own children.
Even if we don't pay, we are imprisoned and many of our goods and services have already been taxed.
The food items distributed included 9 kilos of rice, 3 kilos of milk, food oil, dai, pylleng for each TB patient and one borti.
The rain is near, it means times of trouble, times of storms, times of bloodshed, and that is now and onwards. The Israelites were once scattered all over the world after the destruction. They built the Temple in Jerusalem in 70AD. They scattered around, became citizens and slaves in foreign lands.
A few minutes later, Lajong scored the second goal after Renan Paulino De Souza scored from the penalty spot through a foul by Phrangki Buam inside the box.
The Government's census shows the number and distribution of various ethnic groups living in Shillong.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the law and order situation in the state has been maintained in the state including in Tura. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, also defended the demand for the removal of the DGP and SP of West Garo Hills by saying that even if they demand, most of those arrested are from political parties.
:A drug dealer was arrested with 920 grams of nitrazepam at Umshyrpi Bridge on Friday evening, said the SP, Vivek Syiem.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Melam Rangad said, “It is the inspiration of our ancestors and I am very proud that I can follow in his footsteps.
“The Health Camp is not only to bring doctors to provide free treatment but as the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has now thought carefully, it is to provide prevention and such treatment. It raises awareness among the public regarding various diseases from children to the elderly,” said Dr. Aman War.
Dr War said that these people who tested positive from Jhalupara and Upper Mawprem cannot be counted today among the people who tested positive for covid positive as the testing is ongoing.
Infantino also announced that the total budget and income for the preparations and various clubs will be $152 million; That's an increase from $50 million in 2019 and only $15 million at the tournament held in Canada four years ago.
This happened during a meeting of Kynjatshai with a famous runner who has brought fame and glory to the Khasi people but many of us have not known or heard about her.
“However, many of the farmers do not want to store their produce in the area and the government has given the land to private individuals to store their food products," said a government official.
Sniawbhalang said the NPP has the hope of winning the election as it won the most votes in the last MLA election among all the political parties.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, on Tuesday said that he will not take part in the mid-term MDC elections to be held next month but will stay at home as he is still sick. You have been suspended from the Congress party.
There are 250 recoveries from the disease.
Where income is sufficient and people live in happiness without employment.
“Now we are concerned about the citizens of the country who have been deprived of their freedom of choice and freedom of expression and to allow the bombers to bring about these incidents which shock the people and the Government allows that they may continue without punishment for those who are guilty.
The arrested man has lodged an FIR against King Rani, Bantei Rani, Aikos Mary Sawkmie, Roy Rani, Rangbah Shnong of Mawliehpoh and Kral Rangslang, Rangbah Shnong of Pomsanngut. Shillong, 28 June: Mawngap Police Station is investigating the incident. The case is under investigation by the Mawngap Police Station. Shillong, 28 June: Tomorrow, Hat. On May 2, the civil society and the government will discuss the Inner Line Permit (ILP) after months of discussions earlier.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 3: Not only those living in urban areas, but with the passage of time, parents from all over the West Khasi Hills have become increasingly aware of the importance of education.
He said that the existence of this college has opened the door for the youth who are not able to study in the more prominent colleges and he hopes that this college will continue to work hard and Many young people who have that responsibility for the society after completing their education or having received that knowledge in life.
“The Congress will rise again after the elections and will prove to the world after the elections that the people will not be disappointed if they elect the Congress,” he said.
Those who wish to participate in this trial can call 9436118402,
The symptoms of this disease also vary depending on the organ affected.
When the elections are over, let us work together, we should not be afraid.
Another word that the Lord Jesus said was, “It is finished” (John 19:30).
Illegal muid markets have started to appear – which has led to a lack of cleanliness when it comes to the sale of meat.
Loans received from agencies such as the World Bank, the state government has to pay only 25 percent and the rest is paid by the central government.
On this occasion, Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrthuh from TUR, Kong Bety Jyrwa President of TUR, witnessed the encouragement of the teachers who were sitting in the parking lot at the Additional Secretariat. The meeting was attended by representatives of the HNYF Women's Wing and political party leaders including Bah Process T Sawkmie, MLA Mawlai, Samla Fernandez S Dkhar, President of the Trinamool Youth Congress Committee.
In another match, Mawreng SC beat Mawkriah West 1-0 with the goal scored by C.Nongbri in the 39th minute.
The traffic jam lasted for 36 hours, said the passengers.
The union has lodged a complaint with the police station and urged the police to take action against the incident.
The hearing will be held on January 17,
Shillong: The Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) of West Garo Hills Police today seized 10.53 grams of heroin from the body of Ajay Chettri, a Langrut policeman.
“They say that the BOP will be placed on the border, so how can it be placed in Tyrso and Thadrang.
When asked about the proposed location of the Them Metor, Gurjit Singh said, “First of all we will discuss the proposal from the Government.
In the second half, Sahil Harijan of United SC Kolkata scored the third goal in the first half and after that, the match was very interesting. In the 77th minute, Lamare SC through Everbright Mylliemngap scored another goal to ensure that Lamare SC scored another goal. They won the tournament and reached the final.
He said that their ability to showcase their talents and abilities in this competition has been an inspiration for the teachers and school authorities to continue to hold the competition. such competitions and thereby identify where the children have talent.
The Odisha government on Tuesday reviewed the death toll from the Balasore train collision, saying the death toll has risen to has risen to 288 people.
Shillong, July 29: The Right To Information (RTI) reply on the expenditure of the KHADC for the visit of the CEM, EMs and officers to Delhi has turned into a verbal dispute between the MDCs of the Council and the KHADC. Moreover, there has been a language war even within the ruling PDF.
Let us explain to the Dorbar Shnongs that according to Article 371, it is clear that the Dorbar Shnongs should function as they used to in the past. a clear leadership and a vision to lead the people of the country.
Therefore, they requested the Chief Executive Members of South West Khasi Hills District that since the opening of this hospital, it has been found that there are many shortcomings in it and it has been opened without the necessary facilities. According to the availability of the health centre, it is especially important to provide doctors and to take responsibility for this task as it is the health center for the residents of South West Khasi Hills District and will be able to provide good service.
It is learned that in the coming days, thousands of supporters and followers from other countries may join the UDP Party. to support and congratulate Bha Donbok Khymdeit.
Shillong: Five new cases have been confirmed as of 9 am this morning, including three BSF personnel in East Khasi Hills, one person in Ri Bhoi District and four civilians. Three cases were reported in East Khasi Hills and one in Ribhoi.
To fertilize and improve the coal mining areas in Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills, it is planned to plant trees on 416 hectares under the Meghalaya Environment Protection and Restoration Fund in 2022-2
He said that in fact the government is the mother and when children commit crimes they should fight to change and not kill.
Perhaps it is because of the promise by the NPP, which has prompted the village leaders and elders of the area to take the opportunity to send many petitions, on the day when these NPP leaders and those who are Leaders of the state government also visited the village.
The union also demands that the society should release the scheme as soon as possible to the people of the villages who are entitled to receive it. it shall sit down with the people to decide what they should do.
KHANDULI: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of State, has violated the Model Code of Conduct of the Election Commission of India (ECI) by campaigning in a government vehicle registered number ML01 7641 at Khanduli Market. , West Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah I. Lawrynniang, MCS, BDO, C&RD Mawkyrwat Block, said that this day is celebrated all over the world in relation to the people with disabilities. at the same time expressed his happiness to be with them on this special day.
Speech was also delivered by Bah John, Advisor of the agency, who said that the problem of the youth in these times is to get jobs but it is more difficult. it is if young people do not train themselves to do any work.
Shillong, November 14: The North Garo Hills Vigilance Forum (NGHVF) in a statement today urged the Khasi people to remain calm and not to be angry over the abduction of Khasi by the Garo insurgents. He said that not only the Khasi are worried about the abduction of the Khasi elders by the Garo rebels but it has also worried them and they too are trying to find ways and means to release them. was kidnapped.
Understanding the evils that will arise and the price that society will pay for the existence of casinos and other evils, the Forum calls on the leaders of churches, organizations and groups to support “We also demand that these casinos and other evils should be stopped,” said KJCLF Secretary Rev. Edwin Kharkongor.
“We are still collecting more information to find out the truth about this incident,” said Thabah.
In this regard, he also called on the people to cooperate with him as an MLA. At the same time, as an MLA, he urged them to lead the meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. , u Bah AL Hek, in the presence of Village Leaders from 17 Villages, Seng Longkmie and Seng Samla Shnong, to express before the Minister this urgent need.
Not only that, the place has been improved by building a dewbilat rynsan for the children, thousands, who come to witness the Leh Niam Ïewduh so that they can sit in the right manner and They will be able to observe the various parts of this Leh Niam.
Not only that, the police around the Secretariat, have been on high alert and have deployed four buses, to transport these women from the area.
They include I Love You, Meban Talang from Moorap and Sambun Dkhar from Mynsngat.
Stephanson Pale of Nick FC won the Man of the Match award, Rajat Paul Lyngdoh of Mynsngat SC won the Best Goalkeeper award. Kitboklang Nongphlang, Chief Organizing Secretary FKJGP Jaintia, DS War and others.
The meeting offered special prayers for the peace and protection of our communities and peace in Meghalaya and the country as a whole; at the same time for all those who have been affected by this Corona virus across the country.
The ceremony was held at Sohlait Rim Secondary School. The ceremony was attended by Bah Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning as the chief guest, Bah Stephan Maring as the symbud chief guest. Village Leaders, Bah K Shadap Chairman of the Union of 6 Villages, Leaders of the Union of Youth Organizations including Samla Vincent Makri Adviser, Samla Rishotbaskhem Lapang President, Samla Rishotbaskhem Lapang Secretary and other elders along with the students who received receive awards and honours.
The Baichung Bhutia Football School Residential Academy (BBFSRA) will hold a trial or training session today 8th June in Sohiong.
Let us briefly turn to this wisdom, WHERE DOES WISDOM COME? According to my understanding is:-The true foundation of knowledge comes first from education. The word education comes from a foreign word from the Latin 'Educare' which means the development of education. man from that inner potential and to develop into the holistic development of the body (physical) and mental and spiritual.
However, after a while, the Assam Police fired tear gas at the Pnars who were running in the farmland in Tahpat to disperse the Pnars who came out to fight against the Karbi.
Those who support are also from the same source and plastic basis; I hope you will be able to do it.
Police recovered 51.03 kilograms of heroin, three mobile phones and T.13,5
We have just heard that there will be a casino and the Prime Minister has clarified that the casino will not be set up in Nongstoiñ, Jowai and Shillong but elsewhere.
“Imagine if this incident happens during the dorbar and this happens at that time we will witness a terrible death toll and we will lose all the political leaders in the parliament. On the ruling and security side, we will also lose officers and even journalists,” said Bah George.
“You understand that this is the long-standing desire and demand of the residents of Tura and Garo Hills as a whole to make Tura the rainy season capital of Meghalaya.
The source said that while the police were conducting a search for the pistol, they reached a place known as Amripathar inside the village and seized the pistol. The pistol was wrapped in a plastic bag and hidden at the scene.
On 17th October 2020 he left Delhi for Imphal, on 20th October 2020 he left Imphal for Delhi and on 24th October 2020 he left Delhi for Shillong.
They also said that the committee will soon convene a meeting with all the senior officers of the department to discuss the issue and the committee has taken responsibility for the meeting. The meeting will be held on 24th July 2016 and the meeting will be held to discuss the shortcomings and to give a decision to the people so that they can get adequate electricity.
The four organizations hope that these demands will be fulfilled as part of the strengthening and recognition of the boundary of West Khasi Hills District.
After a thorough investigation, the police have revealed that they are involved in these crimes.
Tomorrow the match will be between Royal Pole Mihmyntdu vs Pasyih Cultural & Sports Club at 11.00 pm, Mukhla Umlangchor vs Mookyrdup at 1.00 pm and Mookymphad Mihmyntdu vs Mookyrdup at 1.00 pm.
Regarding the conversion of Khasi to Islam, he said that the number of Khasi in the area has increased significantly, as in the past few years there were only 4, but now there are He said that the number of Khasi living in the area may increase.
“I will seek the facts from my colleagues, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the education department and whether it is true or not as it appears in the news,” said Dr Mukul from Delhi. and one of the journalists by phone, and said that if it is true, a decision will be taken on how to punish them.
Shillong, Lber 25: People today gathered at Motphran today to mourn the death of Shailinia Kharrymba, who was raped by bloodthirsty people on the 17th of this month. in Middle Sawmer.
“The role of the Smart Cities Mission in implementing best practices and building marketable businesses is very important,” she said.
On the other hand, the President of Seinraij Tuber, Ma Harvis Phawa in his speech said that the emergence of SHGs has helped a lot in terms of employment in the villages and townships. It was also opened for women to participate in welfare programs and community activities.
“If there is no railway, many people from outside the state will leave the state and if there is no railway, we will be overwhelmed by the high paid people. give your approval to the government".
Out of these thirty-six (36) years, I have held the post of Headmaster for 31 (Thirty-one) years.
Sports secretary: Lewis lapasam 14.
After meeting with the management of the Society, Bah Thabah said that there are some children who have not received proper food and shelter, which is not enough out of 18 children including 12 women and 6 children. the men of this present group.
I am sorry that the MP and President of the MPCC has lost the MLA election. In fact, he should have calculated thoroughly before contesting the election. MLA election, even the seat as President should not be accepted and should be given up in order to strengthen the party.
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma for more than two hours visited the Iewduh to inspect the condition of the famous Khasi market.
Speaking as the chief guest, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, thanked the CSR department of Star Cement for their assistance in the development of the LP School in Khliehriat East. He said that education is essential to improve the future of children and also to improve the society. He said that the district authorities will also provide as much support as possible to improve education.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Meghalaya has admitted that there are 12 land disputes with Assam which have emerged since it was planned to be created, but many of these land are still in the hands of the Assam government. Assam.
In the first half, 10 goals were scored in the first half and 10 goals were scored in the second half.
Following the clashes, more than 10,000 Indian Army and other army personnel were reportedly deployed to patrol to restore peace and order in Manipur.
The next match will be played tomorrow 13th June between Nangkiew Irat Sports Club and Mawreng Sports Club at 4:15 pm at the 2nd Ground Polo Ground.
Shillong: The Union of Catholic Elders of Jowai Diocese, has held its XIV Preaching Service on the 7th-8th November 2019 at Parish Lad-Rymbai.
Jaipur is the only hospital in urgent need of oxygen from the Indian government.
Abhay Choudhary, Executive Director (NERTS), along with other employees of the department.
Lyngdoh said whether the government when it brings in development projects in the state intends to give them only to the areas where there are Congress MLAs. it should be opened and built immediately as it has done elsewhere.
“The Killing area is suffering and difficult in coming and going if the government does not take action to build this road as soon as possible. “There are no other roads in the world, where the people of this area have to rely on the roads of Assam,” said Kong Jyrwa.
Throughout the match, both sides struggled to score.
Because the rest of the Sengbhalang does not believe in our request, we too cannot refuse to move forward with the good intentions of the Shnong.
Many women in Assam have started worshiping the corona virus and their belief is to cure the virus, which has spread all over the world.
Peace will not come through pride, hatred, strife, jealousy and war.
SHILLONG: The State Government will implement night shelter homes in Shillong for the homeless people who sleep on the streets due to poverty. , Jowai, Tura and Williamnagar.
Without mentioning many good teachings about morality, but from these few above, we can understand that the Khasi people have a true light and understanding of human beings. , to know the dignity and to have the right attitude.
Therefore, the BJP leaders should think 100 times about the party's relationship in Meghalaya.
“The difficulty in supplying blood at various health centers in the state has created a serious problem for the health workers to treat the patients in need of blood and there has been a loss of blood. Many people who cannot donate blood at the right time when they arrive at the hospital, these problems are often found in accidents, when the injured urgently needs blood and the state has died. “The government will work with those who can promote blood donation and fight against the spread of Covid 19 in the state,” said Kong Ampareen. blood shortage in this state.
The JAC has decided that for the time being, only the HNYF, FKJGP, UHM, WKSU and the Union of Village Authorities will be present to carry out the remaining works.
D.Sympli, Finance Secretary, Mrs. Rimaya Manar, Mrs. Shibaitshwa Lyngdoh, Mrs. Shibaitshwa Lyngdoh, Mrs. Aida Mary Nongtdu, Mrs. Aida Mary Nongtdu, Mrs. Jimmy Pdang, Sport Secretary, Mrs. Jimmy Pdang, Publicity Secretary, Mrs. Shibaitshwa Lyngdoh, Mrs. Jimmy Pdang. They included ND Sarkar, Esther Nongtdu and Balamon Shylla.
The first is that I express my regret for their absence and the second is that you should ask them,” said Bah Bindo. the disappearance of other political parties.
Two cases have recovered from East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
At the meeting, the Seng also demanded that the Minister should appoint a team of line-men in New Shillong Township to look after the increasing power outages.
Speaking at the election campaign for the MDA candidate Dr Jemino Mawthoh at Sohra, Dr Donkupar said that Bah Vincent has become increasingly ill in the past few days. Rangbah alleged that it was the BJP leader and UDP president who blocked Prestone from becoming Prime Minister.
“I personally don't have any problem with the railway line in the area,” said Bah Pala and added that no one can stop people from entering the state. buses, trucks and airports.
They came forward to support Rekha Patra, one of the women who was involved in the accident, who will contest the MP election from Basirhat Constituency from the BJP, until she became the Prime Minister of the country. , Narendra Modi, to talk via mobile with this brave woman.
Respect and love Mary, as we love and respect ourselves or those closest to us.
At the time of writing, no complaint has been lodged with the police.
Therefore, this road produces pumps and soil which turn blue from the villages, households, property and plants near this road.
In the first half, Nonghulew opened the scoring through Kitboklang Surong in the 40th minute.
He already realized he wasn’t going to play as well as he should.
CHAPTER 16 TYMPEW The piper betle is a plant that probably came from Java and was probably brought to our country by the Portuguese.
“The enemy hath laid his hand upon all their precious treasures; she hath seen the idolaters come into her sanctuary; the people whom thou hast commanded to come into thy presence” (Jn 1:1 10).
Punjab Sports Minister Meet Hayer has strongly criticized the BCCI for refusing to host Mohali to host the World Cup.
He said that according to the information received, many parents and youths who have not yet forgotten the memory of the work of Maieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh (bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) and want the The HSPDP, even if it does not win, will be able to do something good in the society for the Nongstoiñ Constituency and as a party it sees the suffering and hears the grievances of the people.
The first semi final was between Sunrisers 11 and Meghalaya Police Football Veterans (MPFV). , but MPFV won 5-3 in the tie breaker.
I don't know what makes them draw pictures of themselves, whether on their bodies or on their hands or on their faces. God.
FG Kharshiing, Deputy General of Police (Training) cum Director of Meghalaya Police Academy will be appointed as Deputy General of Police (CID).
Police have recovered 437.13 grams of heroin in blue and white color and empty plastic bags.
He said that he himself had hidden in the forest and heard that he was being chased, but he escaped from the tyrsim of the Bangladeshis and went to inform the villages.
Prestone said this is the first time he has heard from the Union Minister that he wants to resolve the boundaries of all the states in the North East and through This statement of the Minister clearly shows that the Government of India takes seriously the problems faced by the people of the states from time to time regarding the border.
When asked about the number of rebel groups, Rana said, “I would like to say that the existence of this group still exists, but we cannot predict how many members of the party will remain. get the exact number and we will write".
He said that the State Government has not provided any assistance to the Village Authorities, except for the assistance from Dr A War, DHS, who has donated T.5,000 and This was during a visit to the village, when there was a case of coronavirus.
The program was enriched by dances, songs and poetry readings by students from various schools in the district.
Under the Constitution of India there are many laws and regulations mentioned in those Schedule or Schedule and in Schedule 6, paragraph powers and rights of District Councils over land, forests, agriculture, trade, water supply, customs, village administration and others.
Peace is a long-lasting and lasting peace.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP), a new political party, won four candidates in the last MLA elections.
Breast milk alone is an important food source for infants from birth to 6 months of age.
However, they are still waiting for more information on these cases.
The other is the song “Rah-Kynthei”.
Shillong, November 1: The road to the traditional religious burial grounds of four villages of Diengkynthong, Mawjrong, Kyrdemkhla and Lummawkong has been blocked due to excessive quarrying. the road to the crematorium.
The BJP will contest against Bijuli Kalita Medhi from Guwahati, Sarbananda Sonowal from Dibrugarh, Prasad Tasa from Kaziranga-Kamakhya, Tapan Gogoi from Jorhat, Ranjit Dutta from Tezpur, Dilip Saikia from Darang-Udalguri and Kripa. Mallah of Karimganj, Parimal Suklabaidya of Silchar, Suresh Bora of Nagaon, Pradan Barua of Lakhimpur and Amar Singh Tiso of Diphu.
The resignation of KS Thanga has brought a lot of trouble to the Congress party as various political parties in Mizoram are still in the midst of preparations for the Assembly elections. Legislature of the state scheduled to be passed in the last months of the current year.
The NGT has also directed the government to submit a report on the estimation of the coal reserves in South Garo Hills and the estimate should be submitted on that day.
In the past, we used to hold meetings in private homes because they didn't have a dorbar hall, but with the help of former Jowai MLA Prof.RC Laloo T.10 lakh in 2017, they were able to start the construction. the place is sharing and full of stones.
I am 23 years old. If you are interested in mccl, please contact me at 8014251955, frm.
The State Government has set a target to demolish all illegal coke factories by 20th November.
Shillong: The Prime Minister's Kisan Samman Nidhi (PM-KISAN) is a scheme of the Central Government with 100% funding from the Government of India.
The people of Arunachal Pradesh, who still have close ties with the Tibetans in China, have stood firm to defend the Indian border.
At 10 pm on the 7th there will be a lighting ceremony at Mynkoi Pyrdi Iongpiah, then they will go to Biar ka Blai Square and leave for Iawmusiang to hold a Sukra dance with traditional costumes.
They were arrested after completing all the requirements under the NDPS Act and police have registered a case at Lumshnong Police Station under Case No.18(3)2023 u/s 21(b)( ii)(c)/29 NDPS Act.
The West Bank has about 3 million Palestinians and about 4,90,000 Israelis living in areas allegedly illegally occupied by Israelis.
As witnessed in the country, many villages and cities have been able to fight on their own to stop the use of plastic.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, today announced that several quarries have been found to have failed to comply with the rules of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board. The Tribunal (NGT) has summoned the owners of quarries and quarries in different parts of Ri Bhoi to appear before them.
However, at the time of writing, even after 8 hours, no signs of the body of the man have been found.
Application forms can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) Khliehriat. Dorbar Shnong, the names of the members of the Vigilance Committee and their phone numbers, the tribe schedule card, the epic card, the bank account number (in Xerox), the front page of the pass book. Provide your bank account name, passport size, mobile number, bank security deposit of T 5000 and Aadhar number.
He also expressed his surprise regarding the complaint that the government has dismissed the engineer from the department.
Pde said that during the heavy rains and the river floods, most of the people go to catch Sasi in parts of the Myntdu River and this poses a threat to the small fish. against the laws of the land.
“The purpose of my meeting is to explain to the supporters of the party that they should be united within the party and not to ask for support from the people to support me. I will get the ticket, and it depends on the wise decision of the party to give the ticket to whom or whom among us three and on my part even if I don't get the ticket I am ready. “To strengthen the party,” said Bah Damian while talking to reporters after the meeting.
Following the news in recent days that there have been cases of virus in Umlyngsha, Diengsatlang and Lama villages, the two JYF-EJHD and Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) has immediately taken all necessary measures to conduct a thorough investigation to find out the truth of how this rumor spread through Whatapp and social media, especially in such cases. At a time when the people are worried about the Covid-19 pandemic around the world.
The signs show that the income of the country will increase rapidly.
We request the government to send for a thorough inspection of this dam and to ensure whether it is sufficient or not to be implemented.
The Governor is a member of the RSS from Tamil Nadu and assumed office on 20th June
There is also a saying that a tree that produces good and holy fruit is more likely to be stoned.
The dumping of garbage inside the market places without finding it will cause forty kinds of diseases especially at this time when the world is fighting against COVID-1
We should give ideas to help how to improve the work in the State by giving ideas for the better development of the State.
He said that the West Khasi Hills District has completed 46 years since its inception.
Once the peace talks have been held, the chargesheets against the HNC leaders should be cancelled and the peace talks should be carried out by the rules of law.
Bah Shanlang said that the party will not allow such incidents to happen again and from now on it will monitor the operation of the factories especially the discrimination against the Khasi.
Those who do not obey the laws of the government should completely reject the money with the image of the heroes.
We have nothing to do with any political party.
However, these government officials from Hamren, Umpawiang and Mokoiram denied ownership of the land and warned the villagers not to cut down trees from the forest.
The opposition MDCs in KHADC are concerned that the Central Government has set this rule to appoint people who do not yet have leaders in the KHADC. The Congress party has opposed this and has submitted a petition to the Minister in charge of District Councils.
Fr.Kmenlang Nongrum Parish Priest of Byrnihat Parish gave a blessing and a special blessing to the 200 bedded hospital. specifically that this health center will provide services for the sick in the state and other neighboring states.
Speaking at the meeting, the President of the VPP, Ardent M.Basaiawmoit, spoke about the rule of law and said that the rule of law is created by God and God has created it. he wants the rule of nature to be holy and pure as it is written in the Word of God from the books of Deuteronomy to the books of Exodus.
Shillong, June 13: Police in East Jaintia Hills District are conducting a thorough investigation into the arrest of three drug traffickers including a woman by the ANTF East. Jaintia Hills District.
The raid started from noon to 4 pm, accompanied by the Excise Police and the members of the Hynniewtrep Association.
Among the Trai Ri Trai Muluk, including the children of Hynniewtrep, it is not only the khor, the khriam, the nara, the paila, the sponge, the boh or the pien that are the signs that we identify ourselves to the earth.
Opposition Leader Mukul Sangma expressed his shock and sorrow over the passing away of Archbishop Dominic Jala. members of the Archdiocese of Shillong"
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 501 new cases have been confirmed and there are 4871 active cases in the state.
They trust in falsehood, and speak lies, they bring forth mischief, and they bring forth iniquity: they break the wings of the serpent, and lay the wings of the serpent, and he that eateth of their wings shall die. , and that which was broken was made seinpuh.
“Therefore, as the Minister has replied in the House, I request you to please close one of the toll gates in Jaintia Hills, Ialong (Pasyih) or Lumshnong toll gate. three months," said Kynjamon Amse.
The union also demanded that there should be only one Police Check Point in one district.
The figure shows that 34.13 percent earn only T.6,000 per month, 29.61 percent earn T.10,000 per month and 28 percent earn between T.10,0 T.50,000 and those earning T.50,000 per month are only 4 per cent and it is estimated that 42.93 per cent of the households are Scheduled Caste and 42.70 per cent of the Scheduled Tribe households. I don't know if you're going to be able to do that in this state.
Lumpariat SC beat West Madan Mustem 2-0 in the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
When they got home, they both told him what Hep's family had suggested.
“We will think from time to time as a party to strengthen the party and to be the voice of the people and we will be the overseers of the work done by the government and to fulfill our role,” he said. said.
Police said the child and the accused have been sent for medical test at Lawmali.
After that, they returned and informed the police who rushed to the scene with the cooperation of the residents of Umjaru, Mawthangblang and Rwiang. Fire Service has recovered the body of the man.
Guwahati: The Manipur High Court today ruled that the ban on working hours just because they have not been injected with the coronavirus is illegal.
The 20 persons are police patrols and other employees, the report said.
Earlier, the President of the Congress acknowledged that it was during the tenure of the Congress that the insurgency was curbed by restoring peace and order.
“Therefore, if I stay with the national party, I know I will have no hope of winning.
Four members of the new armed group known as the NLCN have been taken to a hospital for medical examination. members have been arrested.
On this occasion, the SRS, Lum Manik Raitong Area, under the leadership of Bah C Shadap, Chairman, Rangbah Shnong of Thad and Bah Rocky Nongkhlaw, Secretary, Rangbah Shnong of Sohpdok, have alleged that Umsning C&RD Block has opened an account with the bank for the convenience of the UBI beneficiaries of the IAY scheme. The residents of the area should withdraw the money from the bank as the Block has set up its account there.
They waited patiently until the VPP leaders had finished giving speeches and explanations on the party's position on the Reservation Policy.
It’s like a glimmer of hope from the sky when overshadowed by dark clouds of dead end and doubt.
Manas joined the BJP in June 2017 at a large meeting held in Rilbong in the presence of Nalin Kohli, General Secretary in charge of Meghalaya.
The meeting was held on the issue of Ampati MLA Miani D Shira, who is also the daughter of Dr Mukul Sangma, who demanded that the House should not take a decision. The Central Government has revoked the amendment to the rules allowing foreigners to enter the Meghalaya Rural Bank.
The Congress and the UDP came second with 19 percent or 107 votes.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has received complaints from farmers regarding the overpricing of their produce by traders in recent months.
“During the EC's visit here in just three months, we have seen that some employees have had to face difficulties when they suffer from illnesses especially illnesses that have to be treated abroad,” he said.
Besides the new cleaning of the artificial turf, Hamletson said they have requested the CM that if possible, the government will allocate funds for the construction of spectator areas.
Don't desire these things now, because you won't get them, and even if you get them, they won't last. Good deeds are easier to get.
He said that Meghalaya has already implemented a sports policy which will benefit the young athletes and promote sports in the state.
“On the spending of money but not being able to resume the work, if the government wants to appoint a team of inquiry to investigate, I support that,” he said.
The recruitment is in various Central Government departments as well as the State/UT Governments support this initiative.
She said that this road is like a bud lum for the billions of people who use it and to bring about development in the rural areas, but it has turned into a self-destruction and nobody who would pass by this road without spitting on its deterioration, narrowness, congestion and unsafety for vehicles.
At this dorbar, there will also be a ceremony to honor the elders and longkmie and also the children of the Kur who have brought fame to the Kur.
John asked if the Wild Life (Protection) Act 1972 protects animals, why doesn't there be a law to recognize all the 220 languages ​​in the North East including He questioned why the Constitution of India recognizes only 22 languages ​​while when it comes to the creation of States, 29 States and 6 Union Territories have been created.
Your sins have covered His eyes from you – so that He will not hear.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills Hills District demanding the repair of the road from Khliehriat to Rymbai PHC.
There was also a stone throwing at a school bus on the highway in Bhondsi, Haryana.
Sarma will attend many public meetings in both the districts, Karimganj and Hailakandi which include the Karimganj Lok Sabha constituency.
If there is no forgiveness then there is no salvation.
We will see in due course, especially the support of the people in the 31 States and 7 Union Territories.
According to reports received, during the second service (service which started at 1 pm), before the end of the service and also during the opening prayer, when all the paid believers While they were still blindfolded, someone came and put a song wrapped in a blanket, in the back seat of the church, which was also at a time when there was a heavy rain. in this place.
Every time they go for treatment or meet with doctors, they explain that smoking and tobacco consumption are bad and harmful to their health, but this has not made them think. the public.
We hope that the District Council will do this as soon as possible.
In the afternoon, Bah Hamlet Dohling, MLA Mylliem and Adviser of MLSA was present. The match for the title of the U-14 Football Tournament was between 12mer and Mawpynthih.
However, in 2014, Bah Donkupar Sumer applied for another MDC ticket, and the party accepted and won as MDC. In 2018, Bah Donkupar Sumer applied for another MLA ticket but did not reach the goal. In 2019, the UDP party did not refuse to give him the MDC ticket and he did not reach the goal, but to allege that the UDP party did not count and rejected him is unfounded. Because the ticket does not depend on the leaders but on the voice of the people, therefore as a party, there is no lyndet.
The HYC has taken this step to hold a meeting on the demarcation issue which has been signed by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Bishwas Sharma, on the grounds that in the first instance, the people of the border area did not agree with the signing of the MOU, because they alleged that many parts of Meghalaya have gone to the MOU. in the state of Assam.
The court said that although Khan holds the post of Additional Advocate General, it hopes that he will provide an impartial and independent service to the court.
Jowai, Jymmang 15: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) West Jaintia Zone today arrested Challami Phawa of Ialong WJHD after he promised to appoint people in the PWD department. He demanded money from them so that they could work inside the office.
What is more sad is the failure of the central government to pay the pending arrears of the Revised Pay Scale.
Boys HS School beat Sawlyngdoh HS School 4-3 in the tie-breaker while North Liberty HS School beat Ummulong Presbyterian HS School 2-0
Members of ASAK and AMEF have also surrendered in recent days.
He said that other states in India have Tourism Police to ensure the welfare and safety of tourists but Meghalaya still needs to have a Tourist Body.
This has left the residents in darkness.
Not only they have taken their lives but even the vehicles they earn to feed their children. They don't have much respect for others. the syep of another.
The Mawkynrew Constituency is currently led by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh who is also the Minister of State and President of the People's Democratic Party (PDF).
The Chief Justice of Tamil Nadu has filed a petition in the Supreme Court.
Shillong: The SNSBH is deeply saddened to see the statement of the Hima Mylliem and the Dorbar ki Bakhraw which appeared in the media on 17/06/2020 regarding the demands of the Union. that the Government (Mother and State) recognize the Traditional Institutions in Bri Hynniewtrep and in the State as a whole.
Regarding the shortage of fish, the Government should have thought of producing fish not only to feed the State.
The Outlook Traveler award is a testimony to the hard work of the government in the past four years.
The district authorities of two districts, West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong, have agreed to urge the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) to move the gate of the revenue department at Khanduli to the revenue department. The village council of Khanduli has not opposed the land.
“In a statement issued to all the media on 3rd June by the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma makes it clear that he is ready to talk to all the responsible residents in all the districts. and we trust in his words,” said ACHIK besides requesting to hold a meeting in Tura for the Garo people.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister praised the school for reaching its 100th anniversary and that it is the vision of the founders and the dedication of the teachers and former members of the Managing Committee. and those who are now to promote the school.
He said that in phase 1, only the will of the people, including the will of the residents and the residents, was based on the will of the land owners, but the land owners were soon listened to.
He said that the party in the state has discussed the illegal coal mining in the state.
Sailung Ïalong beat Nangbah Mulang 4-1 in the Super Division of the Amlarem Sub-Divisional Sports Association. District Sports Association (WJDSA), Jowai.
The five candidates for the post of Information & Publicity Secretary are Pynshai Kupar Dkhar, Pynshai Borlang Rani, Sainkupar Syngkli, Melajied Khongbuh and Makenson Marbaniang. Nonglait and Spanish Lyngkhoi; For the post of Sports & Cultural Secretary, the candidates are Badonbok Malngiang, Cleenstar Shabong, Eric A Nongkynrih, Hopefulborn L Mawnai and for the post of Environment Secretary, Basuklang N Khongwar. Danny M Khyriem, Chairman Election Committee and Samuel B Jyrwa, Secretary Election Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) said in a statement.
According to him, in many cases, some schools have had to be closed due to the collapse of the schools.
He said that his choice of a quieter place in Umdihar is so that those who have become addicted to alcohol will be happy when they have trees and shrubs, they will feel happy when they can play. and to have fellowship every morning.
Many forests have been destroyed due to mining, stone quarrying, coal mining, shyiap mining, logging for rnga burning, dozens of Coke factories and many others. you have destroyed the environment.
Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM State Youth Wing, in a statement today, said that many of these employees are unable or willing to speak out against their superiors in their offices. They are afraid of being fired, even though they have worked for 15 or 20 years and the fact is that many offices take advantage of this refusal of these employees. government employees have been enslaved over the years.
Because as they say, those who buy will lose the rights of the people who have misled and endangered the peace and order in the society, who have created strange and unexpected incidents. in this country which we see in English and Hindi films (60s in Hollywood, 1970s – in Bollywood).
New Delhi: BJP MLA from Delhi, Mohan Singh Bisht on Friday, 17th July, held a heated debate after saying, “Manipur doesn't care about anyone. ".
Besides, he said that people who come here can come here by paying only money because they have provided the wood, plates and wood except for the food items they have to bring themselves.
He also said that the Civil Sub Division offices should be relocated to the C&RD Block offices one at Umden and one at Mawhati. Special attention will be paid to the implementation of various development projects carried out by the State Government and the Central Government.
The Chief Guest also presented awards to the farmers and those who have worked together for their achievements and excellence in the development of the dairy sector in the state.
Mary Kom was awarded the Padma Vibhushan in 2020, the second highest civilian award in India.
There is still time to think about the 19th of June before we make a final decision.
The NPP has condemned the prime minister's remarks, saying that his remarks are insulting.
But at the end of the day, there will be only one candidate and we will take the right decision at the right time,” he said.
“Factors such as inheritance, age, gender, family history and others cannot be controlled or done.
According to reports, many people from the villages wanted to see the Prime Minister at Madan Polo and hear his speech.
which means that peace will come to the world if we love our neighbours, respect all religions and nationalities.
The answer will be known on 13th June, 2023 when the votes are counted.
“On the other hand, Kembhavi is a junior officer but he has been entrusted with many duties and it will not be possible for him to fulfill the duties assigned to him properly,” he said. state.
“The voice against the order of the Court is contempt for the order,” said Bernita, a lawyer.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the 50th Anniversary of the College at Madan Student, Jaiaw with the participation of about 3,000 students, the Governor said, “Dear students, education is the the golden years should be taught.
According to sources, the incident happened at about 12:30 pm when a truck (AS 11 D 3353) carrying these items including umphñiang, jri taiar, collided with a truck. , driven by Somsul Sul Islam from Silchar Assam, but for unknown reasons, the truck suddenly caught fire from the engine part of the truck without the knowledge of the driver, but after the information of the other drivers. , he immediately got out of the vehicle with his follower to avoid the tragic incident and injuries.
“She said that as teachers they have a right to serve as builders of the country to the society and the country as a whole.
Mumbai, who won the toss, failed to bat first and managed to stop Meghalaya from scoring 130 runs for the loss of eight wickets in all 50 overs.
The population is only 2,13,586 or more than 2 lakh.
The Area Director of the Special Olympics Bharat Meghalaya Chapter, Dr Freddie Kharmawlong in charge of the Medical Team and Dr Daffy Mukhim congratulated Bah Michael Kharsyntiew for his donation. this group.
That is why schools teach the child to think good, to do what is right and to speak the truth.
Jowai: The Dorbar Chnong Tympang, Jowai hereby informs the members of the Village Council, House Owners, Land Owners, Residents and Villagers within the boundary of the Dorbar Chnong Tympang, Jowai that in accordance with the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, in which all landlords who rent to migrants will be required to provide the necessary documents to tenants.
Regarding this allegation, she said that in fact there was only one file containing the Measurement Book but the BDO has produced two files.
The Parsis cannot marry outside their nation.
The KSU leader said that the KSU will take action against the NHAI and the company in charge of this road.
However, if there is a need to buy, it should be agreed with the Dorbar Hima and if it is decided to buy, the boundary of the Hima should be expanded.
The Company and the Jowai Civil Hospital Blood Bank also distributed certificates to all these donors.
On the other hand, these residents expressed their gratitude to the BSF for these good deeds. “The BSF troops always provide assistance to the residents in the border areas to improve their income. Nongpoh, Lber 21: Following the incident of murder of an elderly man from Pahammawleiñ, Ri Bhoi Police have been monitoring the incident since the robbers killed the enemy and threw stones at him until parts of his head were broken. Police have arrested two suspects involved in the incident.
Ecclestone, who will soon turn 90, has five children and three daughters, Deborah, 65, Tamara, 35, and Petra,
This announcement has also been ordered not to be paid by the State Government.
Shillong: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of North Shillong Constituency, today resigned as the Working President of KHNAM and also as a member of the CEC of KHNAM. KHNAM President Pyndap Saibon.
The investigation team said that during the raid, both the residential and farm properties in the name of Atiq were seized.
Therefore, the union requests the law enforcement authorities to take action against these perpetrators to arrest and punish them according to the rules of law and to imprison the shirts so that that they may understand their lives.
Ralsang Marak of KL Bajoria College scored 19 runs from 11 balls while Akash Choudhury of St. Anthony's College took five wickets in 0 overs for 16 runs.
At the meeting, the UDP decided to meet with the Minister of Education, Prof. RC Laloo to discuss the issue.
The war broke out on July 28, 1914 in Europe.
According to the Range Officer in charge of the park, Bah L Nikhla, the number of visitors to the park is higher during the holidays or festivals celebrated in the state.
The Congress protested by shouting slogans condemning Modi and praising Shillong MP Vincent Pala in front of Congress Bhavan.
On 2nd November last year, the Meghalaya High Court had ruled that the appointment of LP teachers in government schools in 2009 was wrong and inconsistent with the all appointment of all teachers was cancelled.
All those present at the meeting strongly condemned the police's treatment of the VDPs without investigating the truth but prosecuted them according to the law.
The district authorities have deployed security forces in front of the Magistrate's office, while two CRPF personnel have been deployed at the curfew area, the newspaper said. they didn't get lum.
The Chairman and the first members of the Committee are Prof GG Swell, Deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Vice President PR Kyndiah, members Bah BB Lyngdoh, DD Pugh, SDD Nichols Roy, JN Bawri, Kong EN Shullai, Kong Q.Rynjah and AK Shahoo.
When he heard that, one of them said, “Yes, I agree with that, because if it's the same, it's not right.” “The time will come, the Rangbah Shnong should get it. “Who knows better, but the village remains dark,” said Bah Shanbor.
He added that the method of slaughtering and slaughtering cows is not as usual by humans and all of them are powered by electricity.
The four friends who have donated money for the construction of the stadium include Bah Dawanshan Kharbudon, Bah Mebanshan Kharbudon, Bah Ardentson Syngkon and Bah Nathaniel Kharbudon.
“Another agreement is that we have also discussed some of the problem areas where there is still a dispute between the two states and these have been agreed to be verified or identified. problem area and to provide the names of the villages and maps which will be brought back at the next RC meeting after Independence Day. The two RCs will visit Langpih area to visit some of the villages in trouble and to meet with the village headmen and the village headmen. “This is the result of the RC meeting held in Kamrup today,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
He said that there should be no feeling of distrust because the aim of the state government is to protect the people.
“This requires severe punishment from the CUET authorities and I urge the Government to inform the authorities to ensure that such incidents do not happen again,” he said. he said.
He said that he himself is the owner of this area and his life and death depends on these areas.
No injuries have been reported at the time of writing.
What is the point of criticizing other singers/musicians? In the past, the criticism of the rise of others ended only in proverbs and slander.
This will not help the candidate of the coalition parties.
The Citizenship Bill, 2016 will amend the Citizenship Act of 1955 and allow Hindus, Parsis, Sikhs, Jains and Christians from Afghanistan, Pakistan and Bangladesh to enter the country. village in India.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the Synod College Nongstoiñ.
Chelsea beat Tottenham 3-1 in the English Premier League on Saturday.
The Shillong Press Club, Shillong Press Club, is deeply saddened to learn that Bah Various Star Nongsiej, a senior journalist of the state who is also the editor of the Kynjatshai newspaper and One of the prominent members of the Shillong Press Club passed away suddenly on the night of 22nd June,
Nongpoh, March 16: The Dorbar Rangbah Shnong of Ri Bhoi District (DKRSRBD) on Thursday decided that the government should enact the VAB
For a long time we didn't see each other again.
They also demanded that the government should immediately dismiss the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District and all its officers including the SP who have not taken action. The land owners have been warned not to do anything without the knowledge of the village authorities.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District has been issued a legal notice after the Supreme Court suspended the order of the Meghalaya High Court issued on 15th March, households of residents of Nongsder in Ri-Bhoi.
The curfew will start from 4 pm to 8 pm from 11th October 2020 until further notice.
In view of these problems, the Union through this letter requests the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia District to suspend the smuggling of goods to Bangladesh as a barrier. the spread of the disease from the neighboring country.
Therefore, in general, apart from the INC, others will win slowly and after the elections, it seems that the INC can form a government with the help of other parties or the UDP. The elections to the Khasi and Jaintia Hills District Councils have just ended, but the issue we have to discuss here is, There is a lot of talk about the sale of votes at the price of one's vote and this is the problem that has become very common in many constituencies, where it has been seen that money has spoken a lot of people in the country. you have voted.
Special prizes were also awarded to two outstanding players who were selected by the organizers.
Many candidates of various parties will lose without thinking just because of the pride and dictatorship of these party leaders in this upcoming MLA election. long soon in 2023.
The new Sub-Division will fall under the jurisdiction of the Rongjeng C&RD Block, which will cover more than 180 villages.
On the other hand, the Ngap can be found in this area, such as Luwe (Luwai), Rapiang, Syon, Dkhi, Dkhaw, Phyrngat, Synhen, Iali-ur, Ngapsla, the sleeping fish, the sleeping fish, the blue fish, the white fish and other species.
It is alleged that there was a grief among the children of the thousands because of the inability of the Syiem to provide light to the land of the Hima.
“The same thing has happened in many orders and as this is one of the rainiest places in the world, we have to take care when building roads and the cleaning of the roads should also be done well. which puts forward the heavy rainfall so that the roads can be maintained.
He was the Head Master of Mawkhar Christian High School until his retirement in
Dr Ricky said that this is indeed a matter of no thought or compassion on the part of the department in charge of ensuring the safety of these policemen who have provided their services. body and soul to beat the works.
Police said that both the deceased have been identified by their relatives and police will take the necessary action.
At the same time, he said that it is necessary to distribute the salaries to the contractors on time, and the state government will continue to provide the money even if the central government delays in distributing the money.
There is also a saying, “Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it”.
KSU Nartiang Circle has demanded that the Meghalaya government should immediately stop the construction of a police station by the Assam government in Saba village which is going on fast even after the district administration of West Jaintia Hills has stopped it.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, in a statement sent to the media, said that the fire broke out at a marjot shop on Keating Road while the employees were trying to pick up the shops. color with smoking.
He said that among all the parties which does not discriminate against ethnic or minority groups, it is only the BJP whose goal is the development of all in the country.
Shillong: The film 9-Lad will be screened at Bijou Cinema tomorrow after it was suspended. due to the curfew imposed by the state government in parts of Khyndailad and also in Iewduh.
Through the documents received from the office, it was found that after the removal of the officer, another officer was appointed in its place.
Dolly said she has been living in alcoholism for 35 years and has never taken drugs in these decades.
However, the exact cause of the incident has not been revealed as the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
It is a shisha that gives us light.
FOCUS+ has witnessed the disbursement of Rs 11.75 crore to 23,491 beneficiaries across the state under the Farmers' Welfare Programme.
According to the reports of the four Regional Committees, the MoU between Assam and Meghalaya was signed in the presence of the Minister of Home Affairs, Government of India in New Delhi on 29th October,
How do ASHAs in Meghalaya receive additional funds? Is it only from the Government of India's share of between 1850 and 2000 tyngka per month? If the Central Government provides 2000 tyngka per month, the State Government should add the same amount, ie 2000 tyngka per month and in total the ASHAs will receive only 4000 tyngka per month.
The time of light is the time of grace.
This program was conducted by Bah.
DS Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong Laitlyting, Langkyrdem, said that the stone was erected by a man from Langkyrdem, She Rynjah. .
The recruitment of 1000 vacancies in various sectors has progressed, said Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya.
Speaking encouragingly to the students in terms of education, he said that as students they should be diligent, hardworking and have a spirit of struggle in many areas so that the Their goals and future will be bright because they are living in these days of competition in any field or struggle.
He said that the Meghalaya High Court has implemented a Virtual System which has many advantages in which the authorities can plead cases through the internet. System Muktiars from different states can participate and she said that these young Muktiars will have the opportunity to see the older Muktiars from different states who will come to participate in this event. it will improve the quality of life and encourage these young muktiars.
The countries that won against Germany through the League of Nations imposed fines and insulted Germany.
The President and Executive Member of KHADC said that they don't believe that it is the news brought from Andhra. The state where the fish is imported may be accused of being shilliang.
Jowai: A Khar Muslim identified as Md.Emam Uddin has been arrested by EJH Police with a homemade pistol and a homemade shotgun.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma today congratulated the students who passed the Higher Secondary School Examination of Science and Commerce announced by the MBoSE today.
They said that according to the Land Acquisition Act, the price of land acquisition will be according to the market price in the market. They were not allowed to set the price and the price was set by the government officials and they also accepted.
The GSU, AIGU, FAF, Sumo and Pick Up Association and ICFS have announced the blockade. the third.
Unfortunately, until these days, the day care workers in schools in the state are still using wood to cook instead of gas. to avoid the spread of the trees.
In June this year, the KSU had inspected the road and found that the company CCL International Limited has not started the work except for the laying of the ground. months after receipt of the Work Order, according to the Work Order it must be completed within 24 months.
“The central government will join us.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Bah MB Tongper, said that this is the first phase at the District Level where the best artists will be selected to take part in the competition. State Level.
The leaders of the group congratulated the group after the Prime Minister fulfilled their wish, which was fulfilled and increased to 1,100/- tyngka and at the same time, the The government has released the money that these farmers should have received from
The world is now waiting for the third temple of the Jews.
Therefore, taking these words of Myrsiang, I was prompted to write something on this subject thinking that perhaps it will be a wake-up call to our fellow citizens and especially to be vigilant. This is why you don't have to type in Mynder for a day.
It was seen that one train compartment, collided strongly with another train compartment, in which the collision was very strong and caused the roof of the train, to collapse and fly to the ground. suin, or like a lyngkhot.
The three shops belonging to foreigners and Khasi were not damaged as the fire caused by the petrol bomb did not burn well enough to be extinguished, police said.
New Delhi, Nailur 19: The Congress party for the first time in 25 years will have a non-Gandhi family president, as two party leaders, Ashok Gehlot and Shashi Tharoor will contest the presidential election of the party.
In Israel, nine people were reported wounded and a 19-year-old soldier seriously wounded.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The SF-10 Joint Operation Team from South Garo Hills and East Garo Hills raided a GNLA camp near Dabalgre at the foot of the hill this morning. Durama is located on the border of South and East Garo Hills.
RM Kurbah DC Ri Bhoi District was the chief guest, VS Nongbet DSEO and DMC SSA-SEMAM, S Kharsahnoh SDSEO Ri Bhoi District. teachers, students and others.
There will also be a witness to the most beautiful performances in Upper Shillong where the winners will be awarded prizes.
During the program held at these three places, the staff of the SE office explained that water is the most important thing in the daily life of the residents. and maintain the wells of water.
There will also be polling stations where there will be a tree planting.
Bah Seiborlang Lyngdoh, as the leader of TULBA, expressed his gratitude to the TULBA for building a new house for Bah Jewin Makri, who is suffering from poverty. The family of this man, who has suffered from extreme poverty.
The Dkhars are from the rain to the rain, they are with us.
He also asked a 34-year-old Home Guard, Pintu Pramanik, to drink the water.
Money has polluted politics.
Get well soon…God is with you.
The KSU has lodged a complaint on the 28th of this month alleging that the garbage in the river since the 23rd of this month has been flowing continuously in the river.
Although most of the candidates applying for tickets are from the United Democratic Party (UDP) to contest the Lok Sabha MP elections, the HSPDP, which is part of the RDA, will convene a special committee to contest the Lok Sabha MP elections. six months before the UDP announced its candidate.
The central theme of the program was “The Future is Here, Act Now.
The school management knew what to do for them.
The Publicity Secretary of the Sengkhihlang, Rgh S Sari, said that the Seng Khihlang has requested the children of the Hynniewtrep Hynniew Skum and the Seng Khasi and Seiñraij to join hands and support the Seng Khihlang.
The 11-day exercise between the United States and South Korea, called the Freedom Shield, was also a large-scale exercise. within these 5 years.
At the same time, she blessed the Executive Committee and the members of the Seng to be able to work better for the benefit of their fellow citizens when they face any difficulties.
Shillong, Nailur, 04: The arrest and warning by the Police of a group of drunken youths who caused trouble on the road near Lawmali Cemetery has received great praise from the residents of the neighboring area. place.
“These people don't know the rain and the victory of the nation who have committed atrocities like this in this world,” said the office bearers of the Seng Khasi Pdenglum in a statement.
He created them male and female so that they could grow together on the surface of the earth.
It has lost its thousands of lives since its defeat in the 1914-18 war.
They were stopped at the court near the office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) before reaching the Soso Tham Auditorium.
They did not believe that Jesus was the Messiah sent by God.
“If the CEM of KHADC does not issue the NOC, he is against the development work of the people.
Regarding these shortcomings, they said that on Tuesday they asked for clarification from the office of the Joint Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary but the answer was that the department does not know anything.
This disease is the world's largest pandemic.
Haimashi, R Vithya Ramraj (52.49s) and fourth placed Aishwarya Kailash Mishra (52.79s) were the only athletes to qualify for the Asian Games.
In the case of rural areas of East Khasi Hills District, 30% of the taxis and autorickshaws have been allowed to operate.
Gopal Saha, 56, resident of Polo Hills, Shillong, has been admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital since 14th March
As part of the celebration, the Panaliar Tourism and Environment Development Society (PTEDS) also organized a competition to collect garbage and plastic items among the children.
Speaking to media after the ceremony, Bah Samuel said, “We feel that if the violence does not stop this time, it shows that the government is hiding something behind the scenes to allow violence will continue in the state.
This is happening every day and the starting points of the traffic jam are from Malai Mawiong or Marten to Lumdiengjri Police Station.
“Creating opportunities for children and youth to develop in sports under the supervision of my government,” said MR on the revival of the Meghalaya Games the opportunity to host the North East Olympics Games this year, the establishment and construction of sports facilities and especially the support to the sports organizations in the state”.
In this regard, the police department has urged the residents of Meghalaya to take advantage of this opportunity to meet with the DGP to discuss their issues.
Banks, post offices and essential government department offices have been allowed to open but strict protocols will apply in these places where the government has allowed them to open.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : Rangdajied United FC have moved up to second place in the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-22 after beating Ryntih SC 4-2 in the first leg of the 2021-22 season. The final match between the two teams will be played on Monday at the MFA Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
“During the elections we raise our own flags but after the elections we should forget and eliminate the party differences because the election process should not be blocked again. I don't know why, but we need to work together to develop the area.
The three-day tournament was organized by the All Meghalaya Karate Association (AMKA) at Laban SC Indoor Stadium. come to take part.
All four of these medal winners are from Shangpung, West Jaintia Hills District.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, who was expelled from Parliament after being convicted in connection with a case of insulting and insulting remarks, has said has been summoned in connection with another incident of verbal abuse against others in Karnataka.
The MDA leader who is also the Chief Minister said that Dr Kharlukhi is the candidate of the MDA which has been discussed and agreed at the meetings before the announcement of the name. Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today clarified that the Meghalaya government has no intention of withdrawing all the money from the Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank. as spread on social media.
(4) Many prayers pray in sarong and religious clothes.
My mother, however, saw this and did not ask anything.
In connection with this incident, the police have registered a case against the suspect and during the investigation, it was found that he had already fled the scene. lap dien on this thief.
This was announced by the Chairman of KHADC, Bah Lamphrang Blah.
In the first leg, Jeremy Mulieh scored in the 15th minute and Chanmitre Suchiang in the 15th minute. minute and Jedison Dhar in the 26th minute.
109 cases in West Garo Hills and 101 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
The government cannot just feign ignorance when there are illegal tax collectors earning for personal gain.
Perhaps it would be better to close all schools so that the children can avoid the disease.
Meanwhile, two other policemen are undergoing treatment after sustaining gunshot injuries.
At the same time, she thanked God for opening the door and thanks to the workers who have been able to complete the construction on time which was blessed by Most.Rev.Victor Lyngdoh. Bishop of the Diocese of Jowai.
In his speech, Dr. Kharlukhi also praised the sacrifice of Tirot Sing Syiem for the safety of future generations and invited the people who attended the ceremony. It is a day to remember the spirit of struggle of Tirot Sing Syiem in their daily lives.
"“There are herbal medicines that I have used to treat drug addicts in New York and if people in this state who are addicted to drugs want to recover I am who is ready to help them,” said Tsering.
He urged them to give their right hand and left hand, to cooperate and explain to others who have not yet joined the party.
“The problem is that it is the government but I have already talked to the authorities in Delhi and they have promised to allocate T.56 crore to build a hostel for boys and girls as well as for doctors,” he said. to Prof. Goswami.
On the other hand, Aji Pramod Kumar Yogi, who first held the post of Chief Minister there, could surprise the BJP there.
Every Christian home is decorated with a shyngoid and a star.
What is included in EGH: 19 (Others), EJH: 17 (Others), EKH: 530 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –01, Others–529), RBD: 15 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –01, Others–14 ), NGH: 14 (Others), SGH: 23 (Others), SWGH: 46 (Others), SWKH: 09 (Others), WGH: 88 (Others), WJH: 172 (Others) and WKH: 41 (Others) The total number of cases in the State has risen to 35190 out of which 27130 have recovered and 564 have died.
“Why four....
In Rongalbibra, NGH beat East Garo Hills by 158 runs.
The JYF has expressed its deep concern over the lack of boundaries of the various Elaka even though the JHADC has been in existence for more than 40 years, it has not been able to fix and verify the boundaries. sam of the Elaka.
Health.21/2020/Pt.
Masan War (11') and Nudeisa Dhar (26') scored the first goal for Lutituber.
Nepalese troops opened fire 15 times and one person was killed in the shooting.
“We are fortunate to have such a leader who has brought about the unity of the states in the North East,” said Tyngsong and appealed to the people to support the NPP in the upcoming elections.
This was announced by the Mawlai MLA and VPP Leader, Brightstarwell Marbaniang, this evening at the rally of Ardent Basaiawmoit in front of the Additional Secretariat.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 05: Leaders of the Ri Bhoi People's Council (RBPC) and MPSO, Women Wing Ri The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to inquire about the delay in announcing the results of the DSC posts in Ri Bhoi District.
The employees of the ATM who arrived at the scene found that there was such an incident and the reason was because there was a fault in the machine.
With shiphew shympriah kti we struggle to survive, we promote and enhance the work and trade.
The Government of Japan hopes that this project through the GGP scheme will help improve the livelihoods of the people in India and further strengthen cooperation between Japan and India.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 28: The Government has delayed the opening of a special health center for children and pregnant women at Upper New Nongstoin. Khasi Hills District President Chnadra Nongdkhar and Vice President Carry Oscar Kharmuti together with members met with the District Medical and Health Officer at the office to seek clarification on the government's delay in opening the school. this is the place of treatment.
I feel that the election of Kong Ampareen, the party has done well and she will be the candidate to win and we and I personally will work hard to ensure that the NPP candidate will win. " said Bah HM Shangliang.
Djokovic will have a chance to equal Margaret's title at Wimbledon next month.
“TMC Meghalaya has decided to provide good services to the people of Meghalaya and will continue to fight for the rights of the people against corruption and the forces that create differences. nation,” said Dr. Mukul.
She also urged that these garbage should be collected properly and disposed of properly.
Arunachal Pradesh is in 25th position with three medals followed by Mizoram with one medal.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Kynphamlin V.Kharlyngdoh, Convener, South West Khasi Hills District Congress Committee.
He also reminded that “when we plant trees we must think whether it is for the benefit or to preserve the environment”.
So they decided to kill him.
Shillong, Nailur 05: Three candidates for the 2013 MLA election from Mawryngkneng Constituency today joined the People's Democratic Party (PDF) at a meeting in Sohryngkham.
However, in the past two days, only local and Assam fish have been sold in the market. The Rupang reporter went to investigate the matter.
He also urged the recipients of the award not to forget the nation in whatever field they work in the future.
I have spoken to Pema, I have also spoken to the CM of Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland and we have discussed and agreed how we can help each other to win the Lok Sabha elections,” he said. “In fact, Dipul Marak has left but now he has joined the NPP and there has been no complaint from the BJP. Instead of supporting the party, we are happy that he has turned to the party.
They recalled that in June 2010, the government had appointed a High Level Committee headed by JP Prakash and this committee has already sent its report on 25th November says that these factories have actually destroyed the lands and forests.
In Zone 1 of Group A, East Khasi Hills CA will play against Ri-Bhoi DCA while in Zone 2, SGH will play against East Garo Hills DCA. Shillong, Nailur 11: The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was played at the 3rd Ground on Tuesday. SC has won the title.
However, the question is whether there should be so many Chairman in the state? What is their job and the bigger question is what is their contribution to the development of the state.
For his contribution to football and hockey, the State awarded him the Kiang Nangbah Award for Sports in
Regarding those outside the North Eastern States, he said the government has set the numbers and they can also apply online.
The BJP said the people are watching and the people will respond accordingly in the upcoming elections.
However, after investigation, police found that the woman had been raped by her ex-husband, even after he had run away from her for about seven years.
He urged the youth to become a living generation to follow the example of the elders, parents of this age so that their future and the future of the community will be glorious. respect.
On the part of CoMSO, first of all, it is deeply saddened to see that the foreigners have attacked and killed the Hynniewtrep people in Ichamati.
Lyngdoh said that about 3000 youths from Mylliem constituency have joined the Congress.
Mizoram police have deployed in Dhalakhal village, which borders with Assam.
There are three candidates, Sojol Kharrymba from Nongtyngur, Kantli Tangsang from Nongtyngur and Holland Khongyiang from Riwai.
So that it will be a blessing not only to the Shnong but also to those who use it.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 62 cases, including 2 Health Workers, 2 Ladweitang Cluster 4, Mawkawah Cluster 2, Mawkohmit Cluster 2, New Nongstoin Cluster 4, Nongkhlaw Cluster 2, Nongthyllep Cluster 2, Pyndengrei Cluster 13 Miong Cluster
The Budlum of any country or nation is the strength of income, trade in which people use the opportunities and wealth of the place where they live.
Moodop Royal won the title after beating Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu 2-1
The party held this meeting to urge the candidates to hold on to their commitment even after winning the MDC elections to serve the people.
In Siatbakon GS Circle, the villages are Pynter, Phlang-U-Diak, Siatbakon, Risawkur, Nongshyrngan and Madan Lyntad.
“We are still working on this project and we are trying hard to ensure that the land acquisition will go smoothly so that the project can be completed on time,” said the Minister of PWD. it cannot ask the government for more time on the project.
He said that through getting more members, it will be one of the ways to work for the remaining tasks of the country and the nation. don't be afraid.
He said that it was through the help of his wife that he escaped from the traps of losing his life.
In West Garo Hills, there was only one incident in 2018-1
Nongpoh, Nailur 01: Leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) North Khasi Hills District on Tuesday visited Byrnihat constituency to confirm the new office bearers of the Shakhoikuna Circle for the year 2022-2 to strengthen the work of the party especially in the border areas of the state.
In the 75kg category, Bamang Tajik (St. Dominic's College) won by defeating Franky K. Lamin Gashnga (Sankardev College).
Myrthong said that as this is the first time, the elders have said that they do not want to reveal the names of these youths and the means by which the drug traffickers deliver them.
Bishnoi (40 not out) tried to score but was bowled out for a run out along with Tarique Siddique (4) through lbw.
The meeting was lively as the Sordars, Village Secretaries and Sengbhalang leaders took an active part in the discussions.
There are still many jobs in the next three years.
The image of God appearing in the body of Jesus Christ was created, but with that created image, Jesus built and restored the world.
BJP leaders Bah AL Hek and Bah Sanbor Shullai have won from these constituencies to become MLAs. The Congress party has also won only 10 seats in Ri-Lum Garo which has 4 seats including Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, July 10 : The Forestry Division of the Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Special Purpose Vehicle Society (SPVS) and Lafarge Umïam Mining Private Limited (LUMPL) has conducted the following programmes. to celebrate the Environment Day in Nongtrai and Shella on the 8th and 9th of this month.
Enid Blah, Sd.
Another candidate is Emboklang Nongkhlaw, 15, resident of Sohryngkham Neng and another candidate from Ri Bhoi.
The death toll from the coronavirus has risen to 75, the health ministry said.
And the message here that gives hope to all people is that Jesus, who has ascended to heaven, will come again in the same way in the clouds and descend on the Mount of Olives opposite Jerusalem.
A man in the United Kingdom who ordered a £500 laptop from Amazon has received several boxes of food.
Shillong, July 09: A team of 17 WOMEN athletes from the Meghalaya Wushu Association (MWA) have brought fame to the nation after returning from the East. Zonal Khelo India Wushu Women's League with medals.
After the meeting, Ma Rymbui also handed over Work Orders to the SMC for the construction of Good Shepherd English School Mupyut at a cost of T.8 lakh, Madan Tyrpaid RC School at a cost of T.4 lakh and T.7 lakh at Mupyut UP School.
This was followed by a group of those between the ages of 45 and 60, with 301 of those arrested being between these ages.
There were 48 individual participants in the carrom tournament, including in various categories such as Men's Single, Women's Single, Team Event, Men's Double, women’s doubles, mens veteran, women veteran, junior boys, bad junior girls.
He appealed to all to respect the rules and regulations.
Jowai, Nailur 6: Although the Rangbah Shnong of Ummulong Village has tried his best to hide his sin, but the sin does not hide and it has been revealed today in a public hearing, which was held by the SS Langi, Rangbah Shnong of the village, has tried to hide the facts from the residents of the village. They have found out through public information, by explaining to various newspapers to mislead the public but all these attempts of him have come to light today.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Police, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today denied the allegation that the High Level ethnic group has emerged. The Tactical Team-I, which raided the residence of former HNLC (L) Leader Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, led to his death on 13th July
Nongstoiñ, November 21: Four organizations including WKSU, UHM, MYF and WYF, on Tuesday met and submitted a letter to the Chief Engineer of PWD Department, to complain against the illegal activities of The cleaning of the road from Mawduh to Nongkhnum Village.
In English, they say that something that is lymbiang is HALF-BAKED. In Khasi, we say JA KHAW OT. .
But this also Jesus said, Fear not: for I have overcome the power of death.
The auto truck (ML 10 A-4205) belonged to a foreigner named Horander Prasad, who used to carry goods. The robbers came to detonate a petrol bomb but managed to extinguish the fire without any casualties.
Other ethnic groups which are 100 times higher than us Hynniewtrep like Bangladesh, like Assam neighboring us, are looking forward to getting land by creating many ways and means to acquire land. this is your land.
“Therefore, we have introduced the Safe Motherhood Program to look after the health of poor mothers.
In connection with this incident, the Shillong Police under the leadership of Superintendent of Police (City) Bah Vivek Syiem, on receiving a tip from the village authorities, immediately rushed to the scene to conduct a thorough investigation. The bodies of the two brothers were taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital for post mortem before being handed over to their relatives for the last rites.
It was in Samaria that they learned that Jesus was the Messiah, the Son of God.
After this victory, Umsning United Sports Academy will face Morning Star Sports Club from Karbi Anglong on the 4th of this month at 2 pm at the venue. .
Kohima: Nagaland Chief Secretary TR Zeliang has directed the National Highway and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) to investigate the incident near the checkpoint on NH 29 at Choumoukedima on Tuesday. ), BRO and PWD to send the preparation of a detailed report for the rainy season to ensure the safety of the people before 21st November.
On Tuesday, four people died including two instructors and two trainees.
The Government is doing this to develop the farmers because in this state about 70% of the residents still rely on agriculture”.
Joselu, who has played for 10 clubs in Spain, Germany and England, has also played for Real Madrid's B team and has one appearance. He played for Real Madrid in La Liga in the 2010-11 season.
The union is deeply saddened by the fact that the victim is a single woman who has been working alone to support her four children since 2012, after the death of her husband. According to the elder brother, Bah Justin Lyngdoh, Marshillong.
He urged the people to have the spirit to help explain to others who do not understand especially those who cannot go to the polling stations, as now the government has provided the machines so that they can vote from home.
MZP President L Ramdinliana Renthlei said, “Even after three months, there has been no confidence in the core committee set up by the Mizoram government to look into this issue”.
On this occasion, the KSU invites the people to vote for them through SMS to UMJ 56882 which is the code number of the group.
Earlier, while speaking at the meeting, the Minister congratulated the management of Sur Kynud by saying that whatever the Salesians do is perfect especially in terms of and youth.
The reasons for the protest are that the 17 villages under the Hima Nongkhlaw, Hima Rambrai and Raid Mynsaw, will collapse and disappear completely, which will affect the people in these villages. that they may become strangers, and have no home.
Nongpoh: Residents of several villages in Sabuda area, today, held a protest inside Sabuda village, to protest against the arrest of Three Khasi youths, who have been arrested by the Assam Police, on charges of attempting to burn down the Bridge in Wah Umler.
Kolestar stabbed the two men with a Wait Pam which was used during the field trip.
At this meeting, the party decided to honor all those members who fought for the Hills State Movement, since the time of the APHLC and the HSPDP, because they are the ones who suffered. to be imprisoned in Shillong and Guwahati.
The court ordered after a petition filed by Agnes Kharshiing of the Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) on the failure of the police department to prosecute the FIR lodged on 18th November,
Kohli's remarks came after the state government through the District Council Department sent the name of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar to conduct the election for the chairman of the KHADC. “He should continue to be taught law by a law student,” said Kohli, adding that the Prime Minister and his deputy ministers have tried by force without looking at the rules of law. “Bah Pynshngain, who was suspended from the Congress, has fought according to the law, while the government of Dr Mukul Sangma has fought according to the law.
KSU Jowai Circle President Morningstar Pasi in the presence of KSU Jowai Circle President Samla Ohibait Dkhar, on receiving information about the incident, immediately went to meet the Principal of the school. Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Principal said that the suspect was immediately arrested and taken to Jowai police station.
The Chief Minister expressed his satisfaction that the MDA members have expressed their confidence in the MDA and assured that they will continue to support and cooperate with the state government until the end of the term.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 4: The JAC of Nongmisei, Nongumkap, Porthyrnang, Nongkabur and Nongumkap on Tuesday submitted a petition to the SDO of MEPDCL Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division. To discuss and remind again on the request for the restructuring of the electricity line which will pass through Nongjri, Mawpaier, Nongmisei, Porthyrnang, Nongkabur to Nongumkap.
Until resolved, the Government of Meghalaya should be more involved in these areas of differences by deploying police, not to allow the violence of Assam, so that there will be peace.
When examining the files, it was found that the registration of the three races is according to the rules of law where the father is a Khasi and the mother is not a Khasi. the form did not fill in the name and race of the father even though it was on the application.
Recklessness is unacceptable.28.
There have been 267 new cases of Covid-19 in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases in Assam to 5,853, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Health Minister.
If I say: “Oh, it happened that while I was walking, a sohphie fell on my head”, Science will explain that it is time for that sohphie to fall.
According to the order, no one is allowed to enter the area and those who live in the area are also prohibited from leaving the area.
“We have tried to reduce all the insurgency, we have brought peace but now once again even in the midst of these measures, the BJP government has not taken any steps. on this part and it is very sad.
In her welcoming speech, Ms. Dakani Phawa, Secretary of Village Organization Sabahmuswang, said that this is the first time that they have received such a training and the participants have benefited greatly from this training. training.
Water supply and hygiene1
“The Union demands that the announcement issued on 15th July 2016 banning Government employees from participating in Village Affairs and other activities should be revoked within 05th June 2016 and on On the same basis, the Government should not accept the suggestion of the Meghalaya High Court to pass an ordinance on the Dorbar Shnongs,” he said.
From Rev. JJM Nichols Roy, Jeebon Roy Mairom, Rabon Singh, Soso Tham, Prof GG Swell Rajee and many other stars of our country are from Sohra.
Dominik Lyngkhoi said he had received information that the new factory was set up by a foreigner named Agarwal and the Local Director is a Khasi from Shillong.
The Directors came to discuss the issue of cutting the jar nar as the ground has started to collapse.
As the foundation of the BJP, stands and serves for the poor and the people to bring about many changes in the BJP rule, Vanathi Srinivasan said that there are many who have tried to mislead the people within the BJP. Meghalaya and the reason is that they are afraid that the BJP will come to power as the people across India have empowered the BJP which is working for change in the country as a whole.
About 380 participants from 38 dance groups from 4 Dorbar Shnongs in Mukhla Pyllun under the jurisdiction of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla took part in the Shad Sukra.
In Iewmawlong, it was not seen that there was any threat to the market vendors including the khar die shana, but this reporter who passed by the area at 6 pm saw that the police They went to arrest those who sell jhur in Motphran at the parking lot of Mawlai buses.
During his career as an MP, Swell was elected Dy.Speaker of the House from 9th November, 1969 to 27th November,
The opposition's intention to contest Poonam is to prevent Rajnath from campaigning in the current elections.
Furthermore, the union during the inspection found that many of the government offices in the area have only peons who come to work, without any others. officers only came when they had tasks to complete.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) Leader Prestone Tynsong, who is also the party's candidate from Pynursla constituency, on Tuesday said that he does not need to put turoi or remind the people of his works. but let the people see for themselves what they have done.
The resolution from Shillong was surprising as the UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh came fourth out of eight candidates.
However, it is unfortunate that many young people of today do not follow his example.
Before the cleaning of the village road, the dorbar sends an announcement to the sangot that each household should have one rangbah.
As it is, society discriminates against women – “one time a woman is raped, two times condemned, three times threatened, four times raped and five times raped and killed.
Nongpoh, Nailar 12: The HITO Raid Myrdon Area has lodged a written complaint with the Executive Engineer of PHE Umsning Division regarding the failure of the contractor to implement the JJM scheme in Nongmawlong and The union led by its President, Bah Seibor Maring and General Secretary, Bah Moon Maring has lodged a written complaint with the Executive Engineer of PHE Department in Umsning. The scheme has not been implemented properly and has been allocated by the government through the JJM scheme of the central government.
“We are pleased to have selected a boxer to take part in the Professional Boxing Championship to be held in Manipur,” said Franky Momin, General Secretary of MPBC. , which donated a place to exercise where many of the children were able to exercise every morning and evening.
And the true worship of God should not be alone.
In the second leg, Betterly Sariang scored in the 2nd and 34th minutes while Longshisha Syrpuh in the 42nd minute. Langstang scored in the 73rd minute and Vishal Shadong scored in the 74th minute.
So far, the CLF has reached 3 years and has covered 199 SHGs from 14 VOs and there are 18 villages in Umsning area under this cluster. .
With this release, the total share of the Government in the SDRF released to the State Governments so far is T.42,366 crore.
However, we are free because there are new schools that have not yet received Adhoc status.
He said that any project within 50 kilometers of the boundary of the National Parks and Sanctuaries must be approved by the Standing Committee of the National Board for Wildlife.
The Director General of Police said that arrangements have been made to provide adequate security to all and said that there are places, which have been arranged, to strengthen the security and patrolling of the police. bor police.
On behalf of Nongkrem Constituency, he said, “We have not received any proposal and the party has its own rules and we cannot just give tickets without giving our opinion on the candidate. Others may not apply for tickets, but the decision to elect them will be taken by the State Election Committee of the party.
These touchpoints include sales and service, which also provides support networks where customers can turn to them for auto needs, parts sales, and who also have personnel trained to maintain or repair vehicles across the country’s highway network.
At the same time, for urgent needs, students can also contact A. Ali, Additional Director of Higher and Technical Education, Government of Meghalaya on u Bah FB Ramsiej, Deputy Director Higher and Technical Education, State Government through the number
Monlangki Chyrmang scored six goals for Riatsaliya.
After the winter rice, it can be followed by pyrem rice or sohsaw, rice, cucumber, salad, sohmynken and other vegetables.
Everyone has already known and understood alone ... we don't need to explain , how much does that speech of Bah Charles affect ? If you want to say that this is the Hindu or Muslim or Satan state etc.phi can be Ong.
So, why don't we take this golden opportunity so that this money will reach you," he said.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with Bah Ardent, one of the leaders of the group, Bah Wanstep Kharwanlang, said that their meeting with Bah Ardent was to express their gratitude to him for his concern. He also expressed his concern about the problems faced by the people of Mawmluh due to the closure of the factory.
Earlier, T.110 crore was seized from a rich man, who works in the mining industry, after a money laundering in
“If there are parking spaces, even on the day of the curfew, we will go out to walk.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Teibor congratulated and expressed his gratitude to Kong Sarita for her support and at the same time praised the work done by Bah FS Cajee. for the Mawlai Constituency.
It is worth mentioning that in the middle of the night, Phibankyntiew Sun and Wanboklang left behind the copy of Phibankyntiew's name, the eyebrows and the ksai jute.
The Nagaland Chief Minister said that the meeting will bring about an understanding between the BJP and the AGP. Congress will not be able to take advantage.
He said that in 2011, the Moodymmai Village had filed a lawsuit against Wonderful Shullai for his ownership of the land and the District Council, Jowai had decided in favor of the Moodymmai Village according to order .2015 in which the land of Moodymmai Village and Mookyndur Village is the right of ownership.
More information can be obtained from the website of www.meghealth.
Shillong, July 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Saturday announced that the State Government has allocated T.350 crore for the construction of new health centers across Meghalaya. .
Heimon Dkhar scored the first goal for Tpepswer SC in the 40th minute, while Leonardo Dkhar scored the second goal for Tpepswer SC in the 40th minute. 53rd minute.
The vehicle was registered as ML 10 B 1471, Fortuner.
In his speech, he asked why the previous MDCs who have been in power for many years have not been able to build the House.
More than 100,000 Catholics took part in the annual Eucharistic Procession on Sunday.
Sudden electric shock (which can lead to death or injury if you fall from an electrical wire).
A society that no longer accepts the advice of the elderly and a heritage in which children no longer have respect for the elderly.
When Bhalang completed his third year, he started a shop and earned T2300 per month.
Earlier, the government's plan to implement the Meghalaya Landlords and Verification Bill, 2013 had caused strong opposition from the people.
He said that there were five candidates for the Syiem election, and the winner was Bah Paialast Iawrod, who received 302 votes out of 429 voters. section.
Biangshwa Shylla said that all the coal factories from Lumshnong, Thangskai and Wahiajer have not complied with the agreement to transport coal and clinker.
