All these months and years, even though the parties, leaders, MLAs and MDCs have been talking and demanding that the government should set up an inquiry as demanded by the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma in The Legislative Assembly of the State of Meghalaya does not believe that there is a cleanliness that there is no coal trade even though the people have seen with their own eyes the trucks carrying coal.
Speaking at the meeting, Navneet Singh Nagar expressed the need to hold such meetings in the areas which do not have access to bank services among the local entrepreneurs in such areas so that they can tip regarding facilities through banks.
Through this method of calculation and increase in the base rate, almost all private FM Radio Stations will benefit from new suggestions on prices at different percentages depending on the number of listeners and this will benefit also to FM stations and people served by the CBC.
In the past years, the MLA has also donated an ambulance to Jongksha PHC to assist in the transportation of the sick to Shillong.
The Congress MLA from Mylliem and Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, has questioned the Government on the lack of de-addiction centres. The Government has promised to set up 5 de-addiction centers for women.
Shillong: The 74th Independence Day of India was celebrated across the state today despite the outbreak of COVID-19 in the state. This day without spectators where the order of the government was strictly observed.
Students from all over the North East, college students and all the youth of the region will take part in this trekking.
Shillong, Nailur, 29: The second round of border talks between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam at the Prime Minister's level will be held tomorrow at the State Guest House, Khanapara, Guwahati, Assam at 1 pm. :00 o'clock in the morning.
However, the complainant, Bah Lawyerson War, insisted that the illegal mining of coal continues unabated despite the fact that the State Government does not have the authority to grant permission for the mining of coal as coal is a major mineral. except in exceptional cases when the ore is used to convert ore into a building material which is considered as a minor mineral.
Wow, you have shown your strength! I don't want to talk too much about it, lest I be punished! Another incident, in my opinion, which has shocked the authorities, is the return to Shillong of the Minister who tested Covid 19 positive at the Imphal Airport in a private vehicle.
Donbok Dkhar said that if these political parties do not withdraw their support from the Government, it will convince the party that they too are involved in bringing about the empty law in Meghalaya which has been opposed. by the general public of the state as a whole.
“It's not enough, so how can you divide the workload by 2, you need to understand the population in the State.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) has demanded that the state government should not set up one or two C&RDBlocks in South West Khasi Hills.
Daiapherbha Lamare, Secretary ENSA, said that from today, 5th November, for unavoidable reasons, the venue has been moved to Umkiang and the schedule of all the teams will remain the same.
If anyone has taken too much money or has not received their goods, they can complain to the office of the S.D.O.(Supply) by writing clearly their name and village so that At the same time, you can lodge a complaint with the Sub-Inspectors-9436110184/8731025753 or Email: sdo_amlarem@outlook.com.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Sniawbhalang said that at present, the implementation of these parking lots which will also be used as shops, is in progress and will be completed in the next few years.
Heprit Everbloom is the second child of Banrikerlin Nongrum and Shanskhem Khongbuh, who have three children, two daughters and a son.
“You don't know that even after three months, 10 people will join us and the joining of leaders to the NPP every day is a witness that the party is getting stronger and stronger every day,” he added.
The meeting was attended by Bah S Syiem Engineer MSPCB, B Ranee ADC, Erick K Dkhar BDO Umling C&RD Block, Rangbah Shnong and residents of the area. They came to listen and express their voices whether they want or not that the quarry should be allowed to quarry stone from this place.
Not everyone could do anything about it," said Abhay Jain, a former RSS preacher, while addressing a press conference with former members in Misrod. near the city of Bhopal.
Speaking to Rupang, Dr David D Tariang, Medical Superintendent of Robert Hospital, Jaiaw, said that the power outage has affected the patients especially during the treatment of patients. There are rooms that require electricity day and night such as children's rooms, operating theatres (OTs), blood banks, ICUs (intensive care units), emergency rooms and other places.
Robi Suchiang won the election and on 25th July 2013, he was appointed as the full Rangbah Shnong.
East Khasi Hills has recorded 106 new cases and West Khasi Hills has 42 new cases.
Iris Watre wrote the lyrics in Garo and the lyrics in English were contributed by I (L) Bah Neil Nongkynrih, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Chamber Choir and Officers of the Department of Arts & Culture.
Then only a little while that water in that cup is only a little and only that is the value of you when you die from this earth.
The program was conducted by Samla Iengskhem Mawkhiew, National Youth Volunteer of Khatarshnong.
After hearing their complaint, the union demands that the government should look into their problems.
Since August 2018, contracts have been signed between the contractors and MeECL, but there are still benefits that have not been received.
Shillong, July 11: The state government has signed an agreement with the German International Cooperation (GIZ) to formulate the water policy of the state.
However, according to Bah Pyniaid, the party has not yet sent any letter to the party.
I urge the students to do more research on this incident.
On this occasion, Kong RM Kurbah, expressed her special thanks to NEEPCO, for allocating funds for the provision of Ambulances to these three villages in Ri-Bhoi. The benefits will benefit the people not only in these villages, but also in the surrounding areas.
The total number of players has reached 88 men and women.
And my tip! Could it be that the desire to write in English is too much for the Khasi even in cases where 90 out of 100 Khasi have the opinion of the Khasi? One of the most famous Italian writers, Andrea De Carlo, commented: “Twitter and FB are considered the perversion of human communication.
At least six people were killed and more than 100 others injured in the blast. The bomb was placed in an arshaka vehicle near a Muslim place of worship in Malegaon, a city 200 km from Mumbai in the eastern part of Maharashtra, on November 29,
He assured that the government will take all necessary measures to ensure that the employment quota as set by the government will work for the people with disabilities.
Nongpoh, Nailar, 18: With the government's efforts to improve the education of children in the field of technology besides the books they read, one of the rural schools at Belkuri village in Ri-Bhoi district which is also located near the border with In Assam, Belkuri Upper Primary School has received an Information and Communication Technology (ICT) Lab under the scheme of the Ministry of Education.
Ampati: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the state government through the introduction of various programmes has tried to bring about changes in the lives of the people. .
This meeting of the Seng with the Secretary of the Ministry of Education comes after the complaint of many students regarding the setting up of Examination Centers or Test Centers to write the CUET Examination.” This happened after there was a Test Center in Guwahati when the students when applying for CUET chose the Examination City in their own State,” said the Seng.
When asked why he is standing for the UDP if he is the MDA candidate, Dr. Mawthoh said the people should see the spirit of unity and cooperation of the MDA members who have come together as a family regardless of which party they belong to.
Nongstoiñ, July 12 : Teiborlin Sangriang, 26, son of Kong.
It is not a selection of sheep, a selection of sheep, a selection of sheep.
The arrested were identified as Habart Marak of Malangkona, Wilso Marak of Malang Shnong Hahuapara, Aila Sangma of Malang Hahuapara, Dime Marak of Malang Hahuapara and Aldrin Marak of Malang Hahuapara. Twenty-one are still in custody.
And its second wave could be worse than the first.
“Through this computerized process, we will know who has not paid and how many years they have not paid,” she said.
"Juan was born in Spain and was a child who was interested in football from an early age.
The semi-finals will be played in June with the final in Istanbul; that is, on the 10th of July.
Shillong, July 14: Meghalaya has received its first Women Commando Unit after 50 years on Saturday.
Mable, Director Youth Ministry of Sacred Heart Theological College Fr.Alayee and others.
These foreign vehicles can enter Khyndai Lad and Motphran.
Do you know if there will be a salary increase in Government jobs and others? The death penalty has also been tied.
E-Office should be encouraged in all government departments, said Sampath Kumar, IAS, Principal Secretary, Health and Family Welfare.
Explaining further on these issues, Samla Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the Council has put forward a proposal to demand a state known as Khasi-Jaintia or what will be called Khasi-Jaintia. you 'Hynniewtrep Land'
The EU has urged Russia to immediately stop its unfounded invasion of Ukraine, a small country that is not yet able to fight against Ukraine. an.
Shirley M Kharbuli won 2 gold medals in the 25 meter sports pistol (Women) and Dennyson Kyrsain won the 50 meter small bore rifle prone-open category (Men). Rohit Thapa won both the 10 Meter Pistol (Men-Junior) and the 10 Meter Pistol (Men – Senior), Anjali Singh won the 50 Meter Small Bore Sports Rifle-Prone position (Women), Dennyson Kyrsain in the 10 Meter Rifle (Men – Junior), Balarishisha Rani won the 25 Meter Sports Pistol- MQS (Women) and the 25 Meter Sports Pistol- ISSF (Women) category.
There were various choirs from Tyrso Church, Ri Bhoi Christian Fellowship Shillong, Ri Bhoi Sepngi Presbytery Standing Choir and Mawbuh Sarikrai Presbytery Standing Choi. service at 10: 30 p.m.
However, out of the 9 posts allocated to Meghalaya at NEIGHRIMS, not a single Garo has been appointed in 2018-2
“Ka seng expresses its deep sorrow and deep concern over the spread of crime and violence which takes advantage of the vulnerability of children and the vulnerability of women and children. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate in East Jaintia Hills District,” said Bah Dkhar.
From time to time, the Government has taken steps to conduct raids around the area to arrest foreigners who have settled in the state without being proper citizens or having documents. those who are able to prove it.
This will lead to increased crime and congestion in the community if the government intends to bring in these people.
Those who have visited the office in the past 14 days should stay at home and report to the nearest health center if they have any symptoms including fever, chills. , physical weakness, physical illness, not eating, difficulty breathing, breathing, praying and others.
Moreover, there is not even electricity in these places.
On the other hand, if you want to have a slim and smooth stomach faster to shrink your stomach, the trick is to do other exercises.
“The Government stands firm for the development of education and opening up opportunities for the youth,” he said, speaking on the national education policy which opens up opportunities for the youth to learn about technology and engineering in the original language.
The students of HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai, who represented Meghalaya in the 62nd Subroto Cup 2023 International Football Tournament (U-14 Sub Junior Boys), have been forced to leave home. The failure to achieve the goal of reaching the semi finals of this tournament.
He said that as a leader, he has a desire to introduce many government schemes especially in terms of development projects to improve the villages of Umsning Constituency. The implementation of various schemes whether from the State Government or the Central Government so that the people and villages can improve and benefit greatly.
In the Cars category, Larry came first and Lieh Lamare came second and Babit Lyngdoh came second.
Saralin on Tuesday won the gold medal in the Women's Kumite 50 kg category of the India Open International Karate Championship 2023 at Talkotara Indoor Stadium, New Delhi.
“By the which will we are sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all.” Hebrews 10:10-1
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawbah Dorbar Shnong, Bah Aris Thabah, said that the Dorbar Shnong itself is still confused about the order and the confusion is where and in which part the village should not give these syrnods and such syrnods which the village should not give.
It is learned that Panah, as soon as he learned that the people had learned of the crime, tried to escape for a while, but when he realized that he could not continue, he tried to escape. He surrendered to the police in Ri Bhoi.
The UDP has also decided not to support Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem of the NPP, who is also the Chairman of the KHADC. truths that speak human and reasonable.
This spirit has also affected the rich and the poor.
Meghalaya have played well this season, winning all four matches including two home and two away and will now face Manipur who are in the top position. the second.
In the film Sholay, Amitabh Bachchan said, “If you don't know, you don't know.
This government is playing with the lives of the people.
This is the prophecy in Amos which was fulfilled because God has done as He promised Israel, that since 1948 Israel has got its own country and the UN has declared to this.
Sadon's remarks came after the family members of Cherish Starfield Thangkhiew on the second death anniversary of the former HNLC leader, urged the members of the HNLC to be vigilant. this peace talks with the Government.
At the end of the match, Samlang Rympei of PFR was awarded the Player of the Match.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that he will not remove the Minister of Home Affairs and Chairman of the KHADI Board, Bah Julius K Dorphang despite the demands of the civil society. Julius has been arrested on charges of rape and is now in jail at the Marvelenn Inn owned by the son of Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
These activities of the people in the War area have shaken the forests and the sound of the stones being shot and dug around the War area.
For example, the Punjabi Line in the Yewmawlong area is an issue that can cause terrible bloodshed, so we must talk clearly and explain in detail on the basis of history.
The Ebola virus disease, which has spread rapidly in these days, has posed a great threat to the whole world, because even the doctors, who treat, have died, from the rape of this disease.
The deaths were reported from Ri Bhoi District (04), East Khasi Hills (3), West Jaintia Hills (01) and South West Khasi Hills (01).
The new cases include EGH: 07, EJH: 11, EKH: 128, NGH: 04, RBD: 134, SGH: 02, SWGH: 02, SWKH: 02, WGH: 27, WJH: and WKH: 37.
He said the government has appointed an Expert Committee and is waiting for the District Council to send the sites for the installation of the musur gates.
The Dulir-juban-tyrwa in each case includes consensus and/or promotes a new idea with the ideas prescribed as previously published.
The Hindi speaking session will begin and continue later.
The Bible is the Word of God and in Khasi we call it the Gospel and it is not called the Great Gospel.
A new road will also be constructed through the NEFA Secretariat to the military hospital and also the construction of a drainage system in Anjali pint which is one of the most crowded areas in the city,” he said.
Indeed, it is also the first time that a political party like the BJP has gone hand in hand with religion in a democratic country like India which has given freedom of worship to all religions (secular). state).
“May this celebration be a meaningful day for our children who are born special in this world because they are all precious in the sight of man and in the sight of God and may God bless them in all parts," said Mr. Renikton.
The salary of SSA teachers has been suspended for three months for the months of October, June and June this year and the arrear of the new salary for the month of 2016-17 has been suspended. It has been a year without release from 1st June 2016 to 31st October this year.
They have improved in education, they have improved in science and they have not forgotten their own culture, but when it comes to the youth in the state, it is very difficult just because of the rongphong. They follow the example of others without understanding where it will lead their lives.
He said that the CE has also directed the EE, PWD Nongstoin to conduct an investigation and submit the report. He said that the bridge will take time because the river is too high but he said that the new bridge will not be built, because it is clear that the two lane road will come.
“If you have a house, a good road, a good job, but if you lose your health, all this will be useless,” said Ma Sniawbha.
The Behdieñkhlam 2021 of the Seiñraij Mukhla has come to an end on Thursday despite the lockdown.
On November 4, 2021, the troops received a tip-off about the movement of insurgents in Oting and on this information, 21 commandos were on duty in the area.
Shillong: The Riwar Mihngi Social Welfare and Sports Association (RISA) under the leadership of Bah Dewi Khonglah as President and Bah Lo Khonglam as Secretary, has strongly opposed the convening of the MFA meeting on 23/7/2 Please contact the RMSW&SA Association.
Monalisa Wankhar, Secretary of Bethany Society and Director of Bethany Society, Bertha Dhar, said that as residents, they have not received any information. on the intention of the Dorbar Shnong or the Government to relocate the land dealers to this village.
Conrad said the State Government has not forgotten the District Councils and Chief Executive Members in the discussions including at the level of Regional Committees. postpone.
Khliehriat, June 11 : Sakhri and Pandare villages are rural villages in Narpuh district, East Jaintia Hills District. census of India, the absence of names in the census, causes the citizens to lose the benefits that come from the government.
" said the mother.
Drinking boiled water will kill all the germs in the water and drinking boiled water every day will keep the body healthy and free from many diseases.
On the other hand, he said that in his opinion, those people who were sent by the people of the state to pass the laws, have forgotten the laws. They don't have the first job, like those farmers, but they create that development, which even the dewbilat doesn't hold the nar-rot anymore, which has seen the failure of the works, the roads. and others.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, West Jaintia Hills District, today informed the public regarding the arrangement of local taxis to operate in Jowai after the lockdown in the district has been extended. 25 percent of the vehicles are operated daily.
The union urges the Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar authorities in different areas to take action and to contact 09774104025 on this issue.
The state has not taken any measures to prevent the illegal mining despite receiving the order from the NGT. Bhattacharjee said the NGT will have to file a PIL in the Supreme Court if the government does not. does not comply with the order within 90 days.
She said that on that night there were four or two men and two women because they wanted to close.
They have been handed over to the Police for further investigation.
Nga shu thep shu thep” and when the government is formed, he will tell Bah Hoping about the receipt of these funds and when they are counted, these funds reach T. T.50,000 and said that Hoping used to use this money to distribute it to the villagers on the Assam-Meghalaya border.
I'm going to Police Bazaar.
It is accompanied by many trees in the forest and from a distance, it looks like a lawbah lawsan.
The medicines are available in the shading and there is no outbreak of any disease, he said.
Modi, who also expressed his desire to develop the North East, said the peace signing with the rebel group would be the first step towards the prosperity of Nagaland.
“Therefore, the party would like to ask, Have the district authorities received information on this issue? Has this been done with the permission of the District Administration and after receiving environmental clearances from the government departments or has it been illegally built? It would also like to remind that on 21/10/2021 it had sent a letter to the Member Secretary of the Single Window Agency, and they had met and sent a letter to the Member Secretary of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board. confirm that the union itself is against the establishment of such factories.
Besides, the school year has not been running smoothly and even the teachers have suffered a lot.
They covered it with pork and tyrso and covered it with ktungrymbai.
The opening of this Sub-Centre is after decades of efforts by the people of Ngunraw.
In addition, staff/retired/volunteers/community assistance/contract/ad-hoc/staff brought from abroad where they should work within the States/ AIIMS & INIs/Hospitals of Central Ministries which have been selected to provide treatment to those infected with Covid-19 have been included under this category. scheme.
KAHDC approves 8 Bills The KHADC Legislative Assembly, which ended today after three days, has approved 8 Bills.
The People's Forum Pre Assembly and Quadrennial Assembly held in Bengaluru in June 2012, decided to demand the repeal of the Act.
When trying to walk swait in some parts of the constituency, it was understood that the contest will be between three candidates, namely Samlin Malngiang, Synsharlang Lyngdoh and Osborne Jana.
The Thiar Lyngwiar Dpei Society (TLDSS) in collaboration with the Khasi Department of St. Anthony's College on Saturday honored Kong Silbi Passah who received the Padmashri Award, The book by Dr. Fr. John War-Pakma entitled “The Paradigms of Conflict in the Works of HW Sten” was also launched.
In a meeting with the leaders of the Stone Traders Association, Dr Basaiawmoit directed them to test the temperature of the drivers when they go to Tamabil to unload goods. Those who have high fever will be placed in these rooms to quarantine and immediately inform the doctors of Pynursla PHC and if the driver has other illnesses, he will be placed in these rooms. If you are infected with covid 19, you should be taken immediately to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, will hoist the flag in the capital tomorrow while other government officials will hoist the flag across the state.
Assembly Dkhar, U14 Event- Shot Put & Kids Javelin.
Restingroy Sari top scored with 31 runs from 26 balls, Ricky Stone Nongbet took four wickets in 3.1 overs and Pynshaitbor Girodh took four wickets in 3.1 overs. get 2 out of 3 Overs.
Anirudh Singh, an IPS officer with the UP police, has been posted in Varanasi.
Therefore, people are warned not to enter and leave these areas declared as Micro Containment Zone and those who violate will be punished according to the rules of law.
Shillong, November 20: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) on Tuesday demanded the immediate removal of the Acting Chief of Mylliem Hima, Ainam Manik. Syiem and Syiem of Raid Marwet, Ken Syiem, by admitting that the party has evidence that these two rulers of Mylliem Hima are involved in issuing Sanad to the Rangbah Shnongs of Garo Hills. There are 56 villages inhabited by the Garo in Ri Bhoi District.
" “ and the blood of Jesus his Son cleanses us from all sin.
“There is no more peace and the nation is in the middle of the night and as of now the water has reached our throats as a nation, don't let the time come when we have to breathe with water and wind. “If the time comes when we have to breathe and wind and water, that time is over for us as a nation and that is not far from us if we make a mistake in 2023,” said Bah Ardent.
"The reason why I stood was because there was a fear of the Hindus, because many of the Hindus, at that time, had converted to Christianity or Muslims.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Joint Action Committee (JACSLBA) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced that it will contest the election. the MLA election 2018, even after he was rejected from the UDP ticket; Pious Marwein has been nominated for the Ranikor Constituency.
Tura, Naiwieng 24 : The Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) has demanded that the state government should not provide a compensation of Rs 10 crore to the victims of the shooting incident by the Assam police on the 22nd in Mukroh.
This mluh is also used in the manufacture of gun powder; therefore in times of war it is more difficult to obtain it.
So here we give a little advice to our brothers and sisters.
The KC Lights Choir, which recently won two gold medals in the International Choir Competition, performed.
These villages are surrounded by mountain ranges from the east and west.
He said the Congress has become very strong now because it knows that 2018 is not far away and the era of the party is coming to an end.
I felt it was the best fit for me to come back," Singh said.
Shillong, July 14: “And let us not be weary in well doing; Gal 6:9” was the theme of the ICYM Zone-V Youth Conference held at Holy Cross, Parish Mawkynrew.
However, in the current Legislative Assembly, the Congress has only five MLAs, the Trinamool Congress (TMC) has only five MLAs and the Voice of the People Party has four MLAs. MLA. According to the decision of the former Lamphang, Bah EK Mawlong, any party with six MLAs can accept the post of Leader of the Opposition.
In this incident, many of the belongings of the owners of the house were destroyed as well as a cow.
Shangpliang said that there are teachers who are busy in their business here in Shillong and they have appointed other people to teach in their place but at the end of the month they too have left. wad salary.
Moodymmai Cricket Club won the toss and elected to field first. Lion Sports Youth Affairs scored 276 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 35 overs.
Bumrah, meanwhile, has had to withdraw from the long pork and has not been given the opportunity to play in the Asia Cup and T20 World Cup
AIS SujaU Blei (God), is the God who was in Moses “I am that I am” Exodus 3:14, which means that God told Moses that he is the only God who im there is no other God who created him but he is that he is from himself and by him and to him, he said “I am that I am" no wisdom can further dig into this and it is impossible to find out where God is and who created him: Is there no other way to research who created God? And if the scientists of the world try to research the origin of God, it will be a mistake for them and they will not be able to find the origin of God where he came from or where he is? For God is a Spirit (John 4:24).
The JMB has cleaned up the garbage by loading it into dumper trucks and parked it on the road near Thomas Jones Synod College Jowai.
Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar inaugurated two sports tournaments organized by two offices under the jurisdiction of KSU Mawlai Circle.
It is because of this time constraint that people have preferred to eat foods that are easy to cook, low in nutrients.
Damewanhi L Rymbai as the chief guest in his speech praised the BMC of Ratacherra for being able to conduct the exhibition.
The HNLC said that the continuation of the bloodshed will kill many lives and will destroy many people from time to time, as it was 10 years ago. there is no need for bloodshed, but by mutual understanding.
Bah Bung said that as a fellow judge of Rangthong Presbytery.
U Bah KP Pangniang, Chairman of the Hima and at the same time as MLA of the area, said that the Hima has built this monument to commemorate the deeds of Maieid. he represents the guide, the protector, and the preserver.
The mission to the moon failed, only because of a slight misunderstanding.
At the same time, the Seng has also met with the EM in charge of Trade, Bah Robert Kharbuki to urge him not to issue licenses to trade openly, in order to curb the trade of foreigners. here.
On the other hand, Bah Rocky Dhar, congratulated and encouraged the KSU, for its ability to continue to serve the community and the presence of the KSU brings joy, even in the midst of despair and many problems.
The NPYF leader said that in the past few days they have seen that the TMC MP is talking about the same issue.
The total number of votes was 58,2
Bah Donboklang said that sports is also a part of health and many of the youth enjoy participating in various sports and finally he encouraged the youth who are still involved in sports. during their studies that their interest in playing to showcase their talents should be remembered that education is also very important and that it should go hand in hand with their studies.
The song was composed and sung by Tony Mynsong and Dafinia Dkhar, while the arrangement was done by Accou Beat.
Shillong: The District Council Affairs (DCA) in the state has decided to introduce old electronic voting machines (EVMs) without VVPAT or voter verifiable paper audit trail. but the shap is not thep.
He said that the GSI has 11 different offices in Shillong and the link between the illness of other employees and the death of its officer is inappropriate, but will lead to but they shall be seen before them, and in the places where they dwell.
Lahkmen said that in connection with the blast at the police station in Khliehriat which happened on 14th November 2021, police have arrested four persons. They didn't have anything to do with Bah Emanuel who came to surrender before the police.
He also criticized the HSPDP candidate from Laban-Mawprem constituency, Bah Banrikupar Wahlang, saying that the people know well about the candidate especially the residents of Lawsohtun. In the past few years, the Lawsohtun Dorbar Shnong has filed a lawsuit against the Lawsohtun Dorbar Shnong.
Dolly, in the past few days, has made it clear that there is no stronger cure for the corona virus, except kyiad and only kyiad, which can cure the disease. .
MDA Government we request you to please grant the ILP and this Act should be implemented without delay, grant the ILP before the MDC Election so that we can still trust you Leaders and which party is in power now.
These include: The managers of these places of worship should request these thermometers from the District Medical and Health Officer, the Department of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of Meghalaya and the Department will provide these thermometers. shit by paying the price.
The party leader and members of the party on Friday accompanied the vice president of the party, Bah Donbok Kharkyngdoh to answer at Sadar police station.
“According to my understanding, the functions of all the parties in the Government like the UDP, NPP, PDF and HSPDP are not different whether it is on the border or otherwise. “It is only the TMC that has said that it will abolish it if it comes to power and it will resolve this soon,” she said.
He said that if the NPP comes back to power, it will continue to work hard to bring about development projects especially in the rural areas of the state as a whole.
Ramdev, on Tuesday, rejected his criticism against foreign medicines, in which he criticized foreign medicines for the sake of treatment with these drugs, while those who The death toll from the coronavirus has risen to 100,000 in India.
DJ BANLUM and DJ YANKEE entertained the audience and after the end of the competition, the participants received speeches from the Chief Guest Bah Osborne Kharjana. Pastor Shanlang Warjri, President Kitbok Thabah, President of the All Meghalaya Dancer Association (AMDA), Madona Langstieh, Oristar Syiemtwa and Artis Ryntathiang, Vice President of the HYC NWKH. Bah Jana Nongbet, who was supposed to be the chief guest at the competition, was unable to attend the competition and sent Bah Mixtar Marngar, President of the competition. He also sent a check of Rs 2 lakh to the Congress Mawthadraishan.
These people are the ones who cover their faces.
Certificate after first year, Advanced Diploma after 2 years, Bachelor's degree after 3 years and Bachelor's and Research after 4 years. various HEIs in order to be able to take these and to be included in the final degree.
Dr Mukesh Vatsa, the doctor in charge of Agra, told India Today that the nurse was fired for refusing to accept the baby.
“We have also seen the corruption of the state electricity department in the narpuh area.
The selected members of the Selection Committee include Isaiah Kharmawphlang from East Khasi Hills District, Coverfull Marngar from Ri Bhoi District, Khrawpyrkhat Rashir from West Khasi Hills District, Rissan Well Lahong from West Jaintia Hills District, Dipulin Marak, President and General Secretary will be the ex-official members of the Committee.
According to Excise Minister Zenith Sangma, the state government has lost about Rs 500 crore in revenue from the ban on kyiad.
Nongpoh: Police in Assam, Jerobat Police Outpost, have arrested and seized a truck carrying heroin worth crores of rupees at 4 pm this morning.
They were identified as William Sangma and Jiten Lyngdoh, who escaped from the Mendhipathar PS when a policeman without a gun opened the jail and immediately came out. They have fought with the police in the along to escape.
However, they have provided us with many coke plants which has turned into a bih for the residents, and through these coke plants the residents have now witnessed the Orange Festival without don Sohniamtra.
The employment age and superannuation age of children will also affect them in the future.
Following the Supreme Court's approval, NIA counsel Pranjal Das has postponed the date for the hearing until the 28th of this month.
The question we have not received an answer to yet is what colleges have done to prepare for the implementation of the NEP after 25th June 2023 to make it run smoothly.
The speakers of the Kur, Samla Kevinstrong Lawriniang, also gave a speech of encouragement.
The 196 students from Class VI to Class X have been accommodated at the house of the Public Health Center (PHC) and the Block Development Officer (BDO). Government departments such as PHE, CPWD and Pollution Control Board.
Explaining about these 70 persons, Bah I.Iawphniaw, said that the police have already searched the area and found that all these 70 persons have proper documents, except for minors who have come to present their Birth Certificates.
We are the same nation, but why do we differ from place to place?
Then God cannot accept the prayers of those who are content and satisfied.
Daniel 9:26,,,,,,, It says, “The city and the sanctuary shall be destroyed”.
Because the land owners are from poor families, KHNAM said that it is necessary for the state government to provide protection to them by providing land.
The saying goes, when God has a plan, he needs man to join hands with that part,” he added.
New Delhi: The Governor of Karnataka, Vajubhai Vala, today directed the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, HD Kumaraswamy, to move the confidence motion in the House at 1.30 pm today.
This happened to a student who passed well in the matric examination recently, who had no intention of studying further.
These foreign trees are not as tall as the Khasi trees.
In Pohkseh, the roads from points A, B, C, D will be allowed to pass from point A to point B, point C and D. Vehicles will not be allowed to travel from point A to point D, from point C to point B to point A as well.
Speeches were also delivered by the UDP Mawsynram Circle candidate, Bah Ollan Sing Suiñ and also by those who came to join the UDP Mawsynram Circle, Bah Daniel Wahlang. Sol Sangma from the BJP, Bah Sol Sangma from the NPP and Bah Neral from the INC.
Therefore, there is a spirit of land which the British Government has bought from the land owners.
He also thanked all those who have contributed to the completion of the house.
The match on Friday (March 26, 2023) will be between Nangbah Iawmusiang and Demthring at 12 noon.
If the school has only 30 (thirty) seats for each stream, there is no problem for it to print even 1000 (Shihajar) forms to sell them and also to get opportunities as a business for education.
She said that the group has been established since 1912 and has the authority to provide diploma training in various subjects.
Earlier, the UDP and HSPDP had split to contest in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills constituencies.
Three people have lost their lives in the Mukroh incident, while the state government has not done anything on this issue.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “Tourism is the most important sector to boost the income of the state. the villagers themselves have the opportunity to earn a living from this sector.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the state government has sent a clear message to the District Council that the notification is to allow the Judicial Magistrates to continue their work. The ADCs of the Judiciary have not yet separated the Judiciary and the Executive.
“The number of such schools has started to reduce to 600 this year.
Shillong:"Any government department, and those in power should not misuse or commit injustice, should follow the rules and regulations of the government on appointment, should also take the “If they are wrong, especially they should not play with the future of the youth of the country and the nation,” said MLA 17 North Shillong Constituency Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
He said that as a leader he will try to bring about development works and collaboration with the village leaders to transform the villages of Nongpoh Constituency for the glory and benefit of the people, he added.
Uttar Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh have suspended the payment of salaries to their teachers.
Informing that the name of the MP candidate from Shillong will be announced this month, the State President said, “There are 5 or 6 candidates who have applied for ticket from the party.
New Delhi: Eleven bodies were recovered from Khatlapura Ghat in Bhopal after a boat carrying Ganesh fell into a river.
Following the incident, the police together with the majors immediately rushed to the scene to stop the incident. and to talk to these party leaders not to cause any trouble but to reach the table of negotiations.
I would like to thank the Wildlife Department as well as STEDS for organizing this wonderful walk.
In this way, the distribution of money and the demand for money will disappear.
In order to arrive at the intended, several matters of fact will be raised.1.
The Nongmadan Village Council has provided food items such as rice, sugar and other items and the assistance has started since November, 2016 and is still continuing.
Khroobok Passah together with his relatives (L) Adelbert Laloo took part in the awarding ceremony including trophy and certificate and cash prizes to the winner and runner up T.24 thousand and T. 12 thousand.
He said the estimated total expenditure for the year 2023-2024 will be T.22,022 crore and this will include T.17,186 crore as revenue expenditure and T.4836 crore as capital expenditure.
After burning the PPE, they tested the drinker and found that he was infected with covid 19; Fortunately, the family members who were with him were not affected by the disease.
It is only the soul that will follow us to death.
The murder of Marbañiang was reported at about 7 pm.
The reason I say this is because many of the youth today don't know exactly their own identity and this will cause a lot of trouble.
“The SAFF appeals to all the residents to maintain peace and harmony among all the ethnic groups living in the State as well as to refrain from any acts that cause trouble and SAFF Secretary Fr Richard M. Majaw said in a statement.
Go ahead.
These Chief Officers, instead of being friends, helpers and teachers to the people and protectors of the peace of the people, have become enemies, defacers and instigators of many people. .
When asked whether his supporters are sad or not, he said, “There is nothing wrong with that,” but he confirmed that next time he will contest. although he said, “I will start with a small one”.
However, he stood firm despite the terrible trials and storms, especially in the world.
Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday evening held a public meeting at Umlyngka village in Mylleim Constituency.
Where does this smoke come from when there are few vehicles running and no wood to burn? Does it come from the east from Lum Narpuh, from the coal mines, from the foreign coal factories? From the smoke from Bangladesh factories? Perhaps there is more smoke in Shillong than in Byrni when there are many factories producing smoke from their factories.
He also reminded that the music is powerful even to cast out the demons who came to torment the life of King Saul when David played his music.
Sri Lankan police confirmed the incident today and said Zainee Hashim, Rilwan Hashim and their father, Mohamed Hashim, who is also involved in spreading the news on social media, were arrested. media, that they should attack and kill those who are against religion.
Pynishai Lathong of 7 Wasa was named Top Scorer after scoring 15 goals while Daemitre Dann of 7 Wasa United was named Best Goalkeeper.
“Don't you know?” asked the mother.
The MLA also urged the students to work hard because through their hard work, the school can be promoted to higher levels.
During the inspection, it was found that the reason was that there was no understanding between the Sordar Shnong and the Sordar Shnong. The Sub-Divisional Officer (SDO) Sohra Sub-Division has lodged complaints with the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (SDO) Sohra Sub-Division.
Since its inception, the number of PMJDY accounts has increased threefold from 147.2 million in October 2015 to 462 million before July 2022; Women own 56% of these accounts worth 260 million.
He said that the party together with other civil society organizations will discuss these issues and urge the state government to remind the central government of these issues.
People suspected of being 'blai iung' or taro live in the midst of a miserable life and have had to face eviction and expulsion.
“As history shows, when the Dohlieh took over the rule of our Syiems, we became a stateless nation. After the British Government left its rule in 1947, we have remained a Stateless Nation to this day.
Titos said that the strike of Sohra for the MCCL is not only to get the salaries of the employees but the strike is to see that the MCCL will stand firm for the future generations.
The Dorbar Shnong Laitnongkseh has admitted that the closure was on the grounds that Bah C.Pohlong has cheated the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Laitnongkseh by promising to issue a Sanad to the Rangbah Shnong. 5 January,2023.
In the complaint, Shinde mentioned the title of the book known as the Pregnancy Bible written by Kareena Kapoor and Aditi Shah Bhimjani and published by Juggernaut Books.
The State Bank of India (SBI) has issued an advertisement for the filling of 8 posts of Faculty & Marketing Executive.
If it changes, it will be a betrayal that future generations will never be able to forgive.17.
This season, another team leading the MotoGP Grids is the women's team and Ana Carrasco, who has already signed up for the BOE SKX team in Moto3, will be the only team. alone among the other players to compete in any of the three categories of the current season.
When asked how he named the vehicle, Donbok said that he has not named the vehicle yet because he has not completed everything but soon after he has completed everything, he will name the vehicle. .
When asked why he has entered the political arena, the KHNAM candidate said, “We don't have any hope for our leaders from Mawlai, if we look only at the facts. We don't see any development works like water supply, roads, we don't see any development works and when we don't see that Mawlai will rise, we have to say that Mawlai is still lagging behind”.
Shillong, March 09: Even after 50 years of independence, many villages in the state have not yet received adequate roads and paths for transportation. medical facilities and electricity.
They need new agricultural techniques that are both modern and locally adapted.
He said it is not yet known whether the opposition will withdraw from the contest to give a peaceful victory to the ruling party.
Also present on the occasion were the 52 Field Assistants, CTI students, relatives of these Field Assistants and officers from the Soil & Water Conservation Department. Different districts of the state.
Besides, the water from all over the country has filled the Myntdu Bridge near Jowai and the roads on various roads.
They urged the MLA and the government to turn their attention to these villages, so that the people can escape from the problems.
The Prime Minister said that he will speak on this after his arrival from Garo Hills here in Shillong,” said Banteidor.
The Lucky Draw of the fete will be held at 10 pm.
There are many films in the North East that have been nominated for this prestigious award.
The Khasi Hima then fought over the future of the country and the nation.
In recognition of his achievements in this field, Nigel Hopkins P Marak completed his B.Sc from Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU).
Speaking to reporters, Bah Shangpliang, Member of NEHU-SU Research Scholar, said that Prof. Das's actions were not only against the student, but also during the time of Last year, a student left the university just because of the threat and arm of the same teacher.
The three youths were identified as Ajay Swangre, 21, Homble Samkha, 25 and Shankupar Nongphud, 20. They were taken to CHC Nonglang for treatment.
This Dorbar Mang Tyngka has been a milestone in this regard.
The daju told her to ask the master if he wanted to give her a job.
The MLA from Nongkrem constituency has admitted that the unexpected victory of the VPP has put the ruling National People's Party (NPP) in danger.
“Many insurgent groups have emerged in Garo Hills in the last few years which has led to the breakdown of law and order due to the weakness of the law enforcement agencies.
But be proud of this, for you know and understand that I am the Lord who exercises loving kindness, judgment, and righteousness in the earth.
Shillong, Naitung 06 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that he has already spoken face to face with the Defense Minister, Rajnath Singh for the release of the of the Cantonment to the State Government.
Satisfy Syngkon, a Wushu player from Meghalaya, took part as the official of the championship.
Taking part in the meeting, the Leader of the House, Dr Mukul Sangma, expressed his deep sorrow over the large number of schools where the government has not been able to appoint teachers even after the teaching post has been vacant for more than a year. .
For more information please contact the Recruiting Office, Shillong at 0364-2
Ltd. and K.R Polymers.
The Advocate General's statement was made in October last year.
Bah B.Blah, ADC, ERO, distributed the information on the use of Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) and VVPATs. detailed explanation.
In a statement, the President of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA), Bah Aristotle Rymbai, said that the teachers are ready to stage a strike if the state government does not release their salaries first. in November this year.
This action of Assam is to undermine the sovereignty of Meghalaya State.
Kharjahrin said the HYC has met with BJP leaders in Delhi many times and submitted petitions on many occasions regarding the implementation of the ILP and the questions that remain. I don't want to talk anymore.
“The struggle for the post of President of the country should show to the world that the indigenous people are also intelligent and equal to others, although the goal is difficult,” said Dr Donkupar. PA Sangma's presidential election campaign.
All the users of the company from pre-paid and post-paid have been shocked by this action of the company.
She said that those within 50 meters from the center of the road in the city, and 100 meters from the center of the center of the road outside the city, are not allowed to set up shops.
If the followers of the Khasi and Niamtre religions disappear and become influenced by the Hindu religion, the customs and traditions of the Khasi-Jaintia people will also disappear and this is a danger.
The almanac for the upcoming session was approved at a meeting of the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) chaired by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday.
The most shocking event at the meeting was after Bah J.
For many years, this request and demand has been brought forward to upgrade to district level and the NPP together with the support of the residents of Dadenggre have fought hard body and soul to achieve this. promotion.
The Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) has no Chairperson since Phidalia Toi resigned from her post in July last year.
There will also be a special prize for the best players in each game.
This District is the most poorly affected district in the State.
AMSSASTA is in the midst of doubting whether the state government has invested its share as the salary of SSA teachers is shared between the central government and the state government in the calculation. The ratio is 90:10, said President Last Marngar.
The PRIME Program helps to provide loans of up to 5 lakh tyngka which can be up to 25 lakh tyngka.
Before handing over the award, a short meeting was held with Hamwer Bhoi Publicity Secretary.
The Diocese of Nongstoin was established on 28th July, 2006 and the first Bishop was Victor Lyngdoh, who is now the Archbishop of Shillong.
Leo Mary Lyndem Parish Priest of Mawbri Parish;
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Laya Dancers Association (ALDA) together with the West Khasi Hills Youth Talented Youth Association (WTADA) will hold a tournament for the talented youth of West Khasi Hills. Nongkasen and the new singer Nongrum Yes I Am who also sang the album with Kumar Sanu in Mumbai from Bynther village in Meghalaya as well as West Khasi Hills.
They were taken to Dawki Police Station.
Rangkynsai Kharbuki, MDC Mawhati, said that Ma Ngaitlang Dhar was one of his leaders and mentors and he felt that he was a great man in Ri Bhoi. to give praise.
The aircraft was piloted by Group Captain Naveen Kumar, Commanding Officer of 106 Squadron.
Zenith M Sangma MLA said in the House that in the soskular, signed in 2007 between MeECL and NTCP, there was no provision that said that they had to pay money. the state misled the House.
Hek said that there are many people who support and oppose the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam. border village.
The Chair: Q 2nd Response.
Four candidates have applied for ticket from the party but the winner has not been announced yet.
Beloved, know not what ye do, when ye sin not. You have turned away from that God who created you, who cares for you every moment and who fills you with infinite gifts.
Speaking as the Chief Guest after the friendly football match between the District Executive Force, East Khasi Hills Police and Shillong Press Club as part of the celebration of the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking, he said: The DGP said that the drugs have now spread across the state.
We must not forget that until the first century, only the clergy and religious could read and explain the Bible, while the common people could not read and had no right to hear the reading from the Bible. .
Marius said they will go to Delhi and if they don't listen we will close the office.
Shillong: A training program for MLAs of Meghalaya will be held on the 31st July and 1st July at the Assembly Building in Rilbong from 10 am.
However, before the end of the 30 days, the Director has been able to demolish the illegal temple which stands within the boundary of the government department. Director who has taken charge of this work.
The EE of Shillong Central Division said that the remaining areas to be cleaned are in front of the shop opposite Chaudhury Pharmacy and some areas have been cleaned but the tiles have to be repaired.
The founders and first President of the Sein Raij, Shillong, Ma Lakhon Shullai, Ma Tokin Rymbai, former President of the Sein Khasi, Hipshon Roy Kharshiing, former General Secretary of the Sein Raij, Shillong were also commemorated. The Seng Khasi Seng Kmie and others who became elders and founders of the Seng Khih Lang on 9th October
Therefore, the residents of the village demanded that the KHADC should immediately remove Bah Joseph Lyngdoh as the Acting Rangbah Shnong and if the KHADC does not listen to the voice of the people, They also decided to turn to the District Council to express their opposition to the violence of the KHADC, they added.
To get a clear answer, it is necessary to explain a little why this is the case.
The issue will be discussed at the current session of the Khasi District Council, which will start on 18th July 2013, where it is expected that the Executive Committee will take up the issue. to change the boundaries of MDC constituencies before the 2014 MDC elections.
Job said, “Behold, God is great, and we know him not (which means we cannot see him with our eyes), Job 36:2
Bah Samlin said that many people have asked him how many crores he has to contest the election but the answer he has given is that he will contest this election with love.
The KSU has demanded that the company should install only 276 households in Nongtrai . Lyngdoh said that the company has not implemented the social agreement between the village and the village the company in which it is related to employment.
Nongpoh, July 26: To provide training and awareness to the residents of Umsawnongkharai Village in Ri Bhoi District on the importance of protecting the environment, the Rangbah Shnong of Umsawnongkharai today under the leadership of Bah Angelus Sun and Secretary, Bah Tony Shylla organized a tree planting ceremony in the village forest as part of the protection of the environment.
As Ri Bhoi District is one of the districts which is famous in the country and the world for the production of jain ryndia, the Senior Manager of HNDC, Limited from Guwahati also encouraged them to work hard to produce ryndia. “We can market not only in India but also in many countries of the world,” he added.
The union also reminded about the collection of revenue from various gates, which has been sent in writing to the DC in the past few months.
On the Transit Homes set up near the PHCs/CHCs, the DM&HO said that these are the places where the poor women who are pregnant but have not yet given birth, who are at risk and especially who live in villages farther away from health facilities.
In a statement sent by Samla S.Langrin General Secretary of FKJGP Mawthadraishan Circle, he said that Mawthadraishan Hill is one of the most famous and beautiful hills in WKH and in the state as a whole. The other road, which has attracted many tourists, but the sad thing is the poor condition of the road from Nongshillong to this hill.
If you have this understanding, you will not be able to guide them.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that as part of the prevention of violence, the department sends police to patrol in the remote areas at night to maintain peace and order. sign inside the city.
The Seng appreciates the hard work of the Syiem and the Hima for not giving up even though they have not yet received the right land.
“How can MUDA borrow up to T.857 crore from HUDCO to purchase 1200 hectares of land in Diengpasoh area,” she said. buituh and I didn't sell the land.
Plenty of kami taxis were plying the streets, although passengers were rare.
He said that 17 members of his family who had come from Bamkamar to help in the fields were carrying them to Umsning but suddenly when they reached Lad Moodymmai the truck hit their vehicle and fled. krad and this thing happened.
However, it is only the power of the people on the 27th February 2023 which is the day of cleanliness and to bring about change in the governance of the environment as well as in the income and income generation. you're stupid.
Managers: Khlain Pyrkhat Syiemlieh (coach), M Warbah (manager), Dapmon Tariang (assistant coach), Lambok Lyngdoh (physio).
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: At a meeting held by the JNC and HANM at the Parking Lot of the Addl.Secretariat after the end of the march, the mother of one of the victims of the shooting incident was also allowed to attend the meeting. She did not speak to the people who attended the meeting.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the opposition has raised a no confidence motion against his government, which is not the first time but he has experienced this in the past years. the dep spirit.
The AJCCTA said that for more than seven months now, the SC has allowed the people of the state to mine and transport coal in compliance with the environmental protection rules under the MMDR Act, but till now the people have not received the coal. This has surprised not only the party but many churches.
HDR Lyngdoh will contest against former Chief Engineer of PHE SK Sunn in the 2018 Mawphlang constituency.
Murmu, if she wins today's election, will be the first tribal to hold the post of President of India.
In a statement sent by MLA Adelbert Nongrum, he said, “I am pleased that the Meghalaya High Court has terminated the case which has been going on for 7 years now. I am happy and grateful to the Meghalaya High Court for accepting my apology”.
The Prime Minister said that AMR is a threat to the health of people around the world and all the advances in medicine so far.
Dr. Evarist Myrsing, while asking for the support of the people, said that if the people of Mawhati are willing to elect him as MLA, he has promised to achieve the goals. He has already expressed many of the needs of the people of Mawhati to the people of Mawhati to do first if he comes to power.
Shillong: HSPDP President KP Pangniang on Tuesday said that his party and the UDP will remain in the NPP-led government under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma.
This election campaign is not only happening in the rural areas but also in the urban areas.
Don't say that you will conquer the world.
Gandhi had a pure spirit and all children should follow his example not to be selfish in anything.
Zenith said that this is just a ploy to make money for some people and there will be a lot of losses and this will affect the liquor shops in the state and this will affect the income. it will benefit many and will benefit only a few.
The protest was attended by organizations including the Garo Students Union (GSU), the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, the A'chik Youth Welfare Organization, the Federation of A'chik Freedom, and others.
The victim was identified as Bah Elius Ryndong (60) of Pahammawleiñ village, 20 mer, Ri-Bhoi District. He left home at 7 pm but did not return home until late in the evening, leaving his family in the dark to hear the news that he had died. killed by the enemy by the robbers in the midst of bloodshed on the forest road to the field.
(3) The loss of birds, meat and wildlife.
“What is surprising is that when this Dkhar came, the employees closed the door without allowing anyone to enter.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah PN Syiem, although he is an MLA of the Congress party, has not sung the same song on the occasion. However, he stands on the ground as the head of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council which looks after the welfare of the Hima authorities.
Parents also allow their children to speak foreign languages, because there is a strong pride that their children have learned and are able to speak foreign languages ​​even at home. shed.
Vice President- English Chapter 3.
" The raccoon said, "What do you want me to do?" The miaw said, “If you are really wise, change yourself.
Besides, we have to collect the eggs and cow dung, because the price of cow dung will reach 1000 tyngka per kilo and the cow dung 1000 tyngka per litre.6) To convert the proud:-The proud here means the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the expensive cars, the high-ranking, the prophets in the synagogues, the holders of authority. whether in the village, in the church, in the kingdom...who feel as if they will never die again.
The fire broke out in the rear seat of the vehicle and due to the speed of the DIPR employees they were able to extinguish the fire in time and the vehicle was badly damaged.
The Principal of Khad Ar Daloi Law College, Rimaya Manar, said that many opportunities will open up after completing your law studies.
Tura, November 05: U As part of the efforts to improve the services of the government to the people, the state government through the Chief Minister has joined the UDP. Conrad K Sangma on Monday inaugurated another Sub Division, Jengjal Civil Sub-Division at Baljek, 32 KM from Tura. James K Sangma who is also the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Therefore, the Government should take action against these activities.
“They threatened me, they told me to kill my relatives but I immediately refused,” he said.
“We have seen the speech of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on the issue of the railway line, and it is no longer surprising but it is clear that the government The Central Government and the State Government will make every effort to achieve this goal”.
It shall be the Milestone to guide other Government Departments in achieving their various Missions, the foundation of all Government Missions; a source of peace for all citizens. in which their rights were not forgotten or deprived.
From time to time, it raises issues to conduct successful and fair elections and especially to encourage the citizens of the country to come forward to fulfill their duty to elect leaders to go to the polling stations. on scheduled polling days.
“I am married to him, but I never interfere with his relationship with his first family”.
Jowai, March 03: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Laskeiñ Block Circle on Tuesday visited the CHC at Laskeiñ, West Jaintia Hills District. President Dapmain Suchiang, who is also the Publicity Secretary of the Central Body, in the presence of the members of the party.
John 7:23-24.
But that is just wrong thinking as they are thinking that the wise men are sufficient and perfect people, who have received the call to follow the star.
Meghalaya won Gold, Silver and Bronze medals in the 2nd North East Olympic Games
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to declare the Iewduh Market as a No Plastic Zone.
The order also directed that educational institutions from schools to places of worship should be temporarily closed.
Jhalupara Police have arrested Salimha Lumpdeng, 3 mer Upper Shillong, a truck driver, according to SDPO Sohra Ian Onel Swer.
Shillong: The people of Sohiong constituency, on Saturday, attended a meeting of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) held in Sohiong.
This is the bail of the perpetrator of the rape of two children, it is a serious crime but surprisingly he was released on bail only after five days.
Mukul Sangma is also a devil but he has turned into a snake now.
Many of them live in wage labor and the daily wage they receive cannot meet the daily needs of life and they live in extreme poverty.
“The Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra is Narendra Modi's commitment to the poor, needy, women, youth and farmers of India,” he added.
Dr. Dokatchi Ch.
Before the funeral, the funeral service was held to honor the children who died in the earthquake, which happened on Saturday. The members of the Kid's Tarari Choir Nongstoiñ have performed their beautiful songs through the lyrics of a specially composed song entitled “Jlang Ki Her”.
The voters should feel ashamed and ashamed of themselves for the insults and insults of their leaders.
As a percentage of GSDP, the total revenue was 32.14 per cent in 2017-18, but it increased significantly to 40.92 per cent in 2021-2
Orphanages will also be built and they will be places for those who need shelter.
“What will be the benefit to us if the freight train comes because the road is already there and soon the passenger train will come and at that time we don't know whether it is a Khasi farmer or a foreign farmer. overwhelmed by other Nations," added Donald.
As soon as we left the footpath, we saw the garbage flowing with the water, which turned the Mawlong Market area into a pond.
The issue of unity among us as a society whether in the homes, villages and nation is an area that many churches look forward to from time to time.
However, as of now, the Act has been drafted and all that remains is to select the locations for the casinos and to get the companies to run the various games.
And this problem has been facing our border guards to this day.
Because there is no money, the shops are empty and closed.
He said that these police stations are now in the midst of a state of emergency which can pose a threat to the people living in these areas.
Damechwa Khongsngi (3/11) was the equal for EKH, while Despenly Syiemlieh (2/32) and Daulabiang (2/34) took two wickets each.
Jowai, Jymmang 29: The Jowai Coordination Committee for Reservation Policy (JCCRP) comprising the JSU, JYF, JSM and East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has been appointed. The Union of Village Authorities of Jowai and the Union of Village Authorities of Jaintia Hills today launched a protest at Iawmusiang (Stand Ummulong) Jowai to demand that the government should amend the Reservation Policy in the state.
This incident has caused panic and led to the closure of shops and other businesses on Tuesday.
Army personnel are tightening security and conducting search operations in the area to arrest the militants involved in the incident.
They beat Millat FC (Maharashtra) 5-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Bity said that no date has been set yet as they are still seeking permission from the district authorities, but it has been confirmed that the procession will be held in June
Three issues were also discussed to reduce pollution from factories, vehicles and buildings to avoid the rapid increase in global warming.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The light outage of MeCEL has affected all the people and businesses across the state.
The next celebration will be held at the Dorbar Bah of the Kur Warjri at Sohryngkham on the 11th, November, 2022 from 10 am.
Departments present on the occasion included the District Program Officer ICDS Cell Jowai, SDO MSSDS West Jaintia Hills, Jowai, Medical Health Officer Mynso PHC, BTA MGNREGA Laskein, Block Resource Center Laskein Block, and Waheh Shnongs. region.
Meanwhile, Khliehmawlieh Youth Club and Selsella Sports Association drew 2-2 in Group D at Chandmari Ground in Tura today. Arnesius Marwein (5), Kordor Dkhar (12, 42) and Kynsaibor Lhuid (24) scored two goals.
He said that the Congress party has no wind anymore and can no longer create a world in the state and congratulated Bah Balajied Ranee and his team for joining the UDP at the right time to escape death. The Congress party's ship has started to sink in the state.
He said that the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, has the intention to run the government in a corporate style, where as soon as they see that there is an empty land, they want to build it. malls and hotels and these projects, the Congress cannot accept at all.
“Even if you have the money but you don't know how to spend it and spend it well and spend it on time, this is the main reason," he said. the money.
Not only was there a physical conflict, but there was also a discussion on the basis of victory and rule over the country, which Baradar admitted was related to the basis of the discussion. , which led them to the formation of a government in Afghanistan, while Haqqani claims that the formation of a government is based on the power of war and murder.
Therefore, corruption has started since the elections because in India or Meghalaya we don't have any provisions in the Constitution that prohibit Government officials from standing for MLA/MP/MDC elections immediately. only after they retire from work.
The resources of the state, the skills and hard work of the people and their faith in democracy paves the way for economic and development.
“Bah Hoping (Maieid Hoping) has always told us that in a State with different ethnic groups in character, language and culture, we must stand firm to demand a Khasi Jaintia State in peace and harmony. bad that paid Garo.
The Umroi MLA, after an inspection with the NHAI and PWD officials, found that the bridge is no longer safe for the traffic and how much more for those vehicles that have carried If the traffic of heavy vehicles continues, it means that the time will come when the bridge will collapse and it will no longer be possible to travel.
The Sordar and Secretary said that the 100 days schemes in the village have been prepared by the Village Employment Committee (VEC) and reviewed by the Executive Committee of the village.
In this incident, the driver and the passenger of the bus were injured, while other passengers sustained minor injuries and were taken to hospital.
The children of Bah Bruton and Kong Larisa have started preparing for the entrance examination.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawkyrwat Circle today announced that the 1st May Under 16 Football Tournament 2023 was held at MDSA Nonglang Stadium. Sengkmie was the chief guest and Bah Kitborlang Nongrem was the chief guest.
Shillong: Members of the Youth Congress of Pyndengrei Primary Unit, who are strong supporters of the Congress party, from this constituency, have recently joined the National People's Party (NPP). Party(NPP) Nongstoiñ Constituency.
“Women are now heading many departments such as Amazon Fresh, AWS Public Sector and others.
He said that these incidents can destroy the society and this will continue for 100 and 20 years, which will lead to the crisis of the state.
At the same time, in order to encourage the youth who have played well in the tournament, the KSU has also distributed personal prizes, in which the Best Player was awarded to Sparkel Khongshei, Best Goalkeeper by Andrias Kylla and Top Scorer by Donkupar Ryndong.
After the marriage, it was reported that the two did not have a close relationship and one of the reasons was their lifestyle, dress and behavior, where Aishwarya was the Two leaders of the National Socialist Council of Nagaland (Khaplang), carrying seven high-powered rifles, were arrested. Two AK 56 rifles, including two AK 56 rifles, were shot dead by a mob in Cachar District, today, the report said.
However, the benefits of the ban on T.1000 and T.500 notes will open up opportunities for the people later in the sale and purchase of banknotes.
Shillong, March 04: The residents of Mawlai Mawroh village on Tuesday were surprised to learn that they were going to hunt tit in the forest opposite the Golflink ground. The body of a young woman has been found and suspected to have been murdered.
He said that for the improvement and cleaning of all the old roads, the central government has agreed to implement the Pradhan Matri Gramsadak Yojana.
Referring to the importance of education, she also urged those who came to be trained that they need to go for higher education and can also acquire other skills.
It was also found that there was no evidence against him.
Sylvester Mylliempdah, who started the match, scored 49 runs with three fours but failed to reach a half-century.
He said that besides the decline in income since the ban on coal in 2014, there is no way to replace the income.
However, he called on more than 5,000 believers to choose the good and life so that their children could grow and prosper from generation to generation.
This property covers an area of ​​3580 sq ft.
Referring to the statement of the two parties which said that there will be a place where they will have to play friendly, Shylla recalled that he won the 1993 election in Nongkrem from a friendly match with Robert Kharshiing.
The union also informed that the Residential School Building has turned into an abandoned house and it is like wasting the money of the people.
The leaders also said that as teachers they will not hesitate to take to the streets to demand justice.
Cash prizes will be awarded to the winners and certificates and mementoes to the participants.
On this occasion, the Sport Club also honored the volunteers of Huroi, the participants in various sports, as well as the students of the village.
SHILLONG: Former kickboxer Samuel Hashah today announced that he will contest the Lok Sabha MP elections from the Shillong Parliamentary seat to be held as an independent candidate.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on 13th June, resumed the second phase of his election campaign and used a helicopter to enter the election campaign. constituency in the southern part of Garo Hills.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Lahkmen said that the government has built schools across the country to improve education in the state.
Meanwhile, 187 people opposed the demand of the US to support Israel.
“If we accept and do not fight against the attacks, we accept a shortcoming in our duty, allowing those who attack to believe that the victims accept the incidents.
However, to date, the government has not fully implemented the recommendations of these reports.
Some critics, even after seeing the VPP's speech in the Assembly, said that the protest to demand changes in the Reservation Policy is dangerous and could lead to conflict between the Khasi and Garo.
“We must not allow political parties to separate us from what we want and the goal of empowering women in Meghalaya,” said Dr Ampareen. the whole State Legislative Assembly.
Another suspect, Wanjopmi Talang, 24, of Khliehsngirang, West Jaintia Hills District, surrendered to the Jowai Police Station.
But let us pray earnestly that God will forget and forgive the sins of men and that He will turn their eyes to the Cross of Calvary where the Savior died the Redeemer from all the powers of sin.
Bah Iangrai expressed his confidence in the court and said that as a Khasi police officer, he has done many things while in office as AIG and this has led many to they bishni you.
“This is a message to the public that the suspension of my seat is not on the grounds that I have done wrong but on the basis of their numbers. I am not above the violence but they have done it only on the orders of no of no.
The Special Task Force (STF) of the state police received a tip-off about the presence of these people and counterfeit money in the Krishnai area of ​​Goalpara.
Kharang have topped the table in Group B while Pommura have finished second in Group D. The Group Stage match in the Fourth Division ended on 30th November and it was after a while that the match in the Division was resumed.
On this occasion, Bah Skhembor S.Nongrum, General Secretary of the Mawkyrwat Youth Association and at the same time a member of the Mawkyrwat Youth Association, expressed his deep sorrow over the incident. Theft and robbery of people and all this is due to the lack of cooperation from all sides.
Maitshaphrang Kharwanlang and Gilbert Wahlang, both from South West Khasi Hills District, came second.
However, on the other hand, they refuse to go 'odd and even' as this will affect their income.
“What will happen if the UCC says that India should follow the example of giving jait to women like us (Khasi and Garo), will it? I believe that Meghalaya will be the first to accept it”.
Because what is more obvious is that the number of students in Shillong is increasing.
Taking from the Khanatang or Parom of the ancestors of Jaintia Hills in the past, the time when it had its own Syiem is said to have been a strong and powerful country or Hima. especially during the reign of Syiem Prabat Roy in the years 1500 AD to the reign of Syiem Rajendra Singh 1832, who was deposed by the French in 1835, according to the Parom collected by this writer.
In the second half, Mawlai won without a goal and Mawlai won by two goals in the first half.
Shillong: The Education Department of the State Government through the Eklavya Model Residential School, has allocated 25 plots of land for the construction of schools, said the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
There has been no discussion within the India Bloc to invite parties like the JDU or TDP so that the coalition can get the number to form a government.
She has been admitted to Civil Hospital since 13th March 2020 after being shifted to Supercare Hospital.
In one school, the Government appoints only one or two teachers to teach the children and these teachers have to take classes from Nursery to Class-V. West Khasi Hills, although it is a Lower Primary School, the government has appointed only one teacher for the pre-primary children and this same teacher has to take classes for the children for the whole school.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has once again issued a strong warning against 18 tire trucks carrying any goods such as cement clinker and others from Jaintia Hills.
He also promised to take action on the problem of Sohkymphor Village regarding the electricity supply as announced by the Waheh Shnong Sohkymphor, Kmen Lapasam.
This is no longer a game in the politics of the CM to undermine and prevent unity in these States in the Northeast.
He passed his Matriculation from this school and took the Entrance examination of Kolkata University where he passed in the 1st Division.
I have hope that he will succeed.
The Kopati Puja (Noh Blai) started on the 23rd of this month with Sap Khoo Spah and the main day of the Puja is at Musiang which this year falls on the 26th of November. paste inside Khloo Blai.
She suggested that the state government and the municipality could allocate several plots of land on parts of the road for the vendors.
(These documents can be obtained from the website of the Department), and they must also submit a test report to verify the GCV of the coal.
Pynshngaiñ said that his election for Reenborn is not for the benefit of any political party or for the benefit of any party or for the benefit of anyone but for the benefit of the people. for the benefit of the District Council and the community.
Reacting to the decision of the High Court, the supporters of Biplab Das said that the decision of the High Court is also a warning to all those robbers who used to commit crimes, especially ki murder, saying that no one can escape from the hands of the law, even if the people in power have to protect them or cover up the crimes their wickedness.
“We blame the police and magistrates but in fact it is because of the government itself that there is nothing to protect the people of the state who live in the border areas,” he said.
However, there should be a clear rule on how these two work.
The land in Alipore, Kolkata, is worth T.12,500 and T.11,800 per square feet respectively.
Shillong: Three people have died of covid-19, Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that three people have died of covid-1 There are 32 people.
Regarding the Acting Dolloi, the council will consider to appoint or recognize him when the Elaka can be revived, said the CEM. kbar ar maloi which is one of the challenges faced in the resolution of the border of the State.
Nongpoh, March 14: The District Tuberculosis Officer, Ri Bhoi District today continued to conduct public awareness campaign on how to eradicate TB in Ri Bhoi District by conducting a public walk and training to and the people of Byrnehath.
During the inspection, it was said that there will also be a physical inspection of the trees and shrubs which are agricultural products which should fall outside the signboard.
It was also decided that the SLPGC will take all necessary measures to ensure that the public is aware of the existence of the Committee and its activities.
Singh on Sunday visited the village to check the situation and spent about four hours at the scene – to visit the scene of the incident and meet with the family members of who is dead.
Shillong, November 6: The workers of Sohra area under the banner of the Sohra Labor Union have sent a letter to the Chief Minister Dr.
He said that the MCSEPAC will conduct such tournaments in four zones where two zones have been completed, the Rangbalang Zone and the remaining Shiliang Um Zone. the River Zone and the River Zone.
The Seng Kur Warjri also announced the contribution of the former Khliehduh Bah DL Warjri, who passed away last year and now Bah George Warjri has taken over the post of Chief Minister along with his wife. working group.
Dr. M Marbaniang said that 63 foreigners have been screened in Meghalaya.
At the end of the letter, Debbarma expressed his hope and confidence that the Prime Minister will be able to take action on this issue in order to fulfill the aspirations of the indigenous people of India. state of Tripura.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The Meghalaya Amateur Muay Thai Association (MAMTA), which was established in Meghalaya since 2000, has organized the 3rd Meghalaya State Level Muay Thai Championship at on the 2nd of November, 2023 at Laitkor, Shillong.
Nongpoh, Nailur 22: The District Medical and Health Officer, Ri-Bhoi District today celebrated the 1st Anniversary of the Prime Minister's TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyaan (PMTBMBA) at Science Hall Nongpoh.
It depends on the circumstances because the Constitution allows the use of any name,” he said.
The first tremor of the earthquake is estimated to last about 30 seconds.
“It is true that no one has been admitted to NEIGRIHMS, but it is not because he has Corona virus, but because he has fever and chills,” she said.
Is there anything that people say, behold, this is new? It was not in the days that were before us.
Those who attended the ceremony were filled with sadness when the speakers recalled the times of his life while he was on this earth in his own meeting as a journalist, as a relative and as a friend. paradox.
They shall not hurt nor destroy in the holy mountain of the Lord: for the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the Lord as the waters cover the sea: " Isaiah 11:9
Mask : the mask is the face of the tyngshop.
The KJCLF also expresses its condolences to the families of those who lost their lives at this time.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan will open the meeting as the chief guest.
Shillong: There is no opposition party in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and all 29 MDCs are in the ruling party.
We will wait for the investigation and we will be able to take action.
Speaking at the program in Mairang, Bah Alan B.Rymbai, District Sports Office, West Khasi Hills, said, “There are three Ds which are the foundation of success – Discipline. , Determination and Devotion.
“The turnout shows the love and support of the people for the NPP. The rise of Dadenggre with the vision of the NPP is a sign of a bright future for our people. .
Regarding the passing away of Parad (L) Shelis Mohon Roy Rajee, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, praised the good deeds of Parad (L) Mohon Roy Rajee. but he has also contributed to many good deeds.
The Chief Minister, during his visit to Delhi, had a special talk with the Minister of Human Resource Development on the issue of students in the state. On the lack of letters, Conrad said that in India there are hundreds and thousands of colleges. University and it will take more time to look into who should be released and who should be accepted to conduct this test.
As a result, the people are experiencing difficulties and have to endure suffering.
For various needs, it will be brought from the earth and after that, the people living in the area will be able to provide for themselves, all the daily needs.
Speaking to reporters, John Lanong said that he has had a plan since 2011 to help the homeless children, but he himself said, He said that he cannot raise money so he will have to use the talent that God has given him to raise money for these children who are suffering.
KSU Mawlai Circle Publicity Secretary Samla Mac Donald Jitem said that if anyone is found guilty, they will be punished.
These days there are pastors who speak out against Trump, governors and police because they are racist and their videos have become viral.
Bah Kanang was arrested on the 13th and on the 14th he was arrested.
Conrad said the Archbishop was a close friend of his father and was one of the most encouraging people during the time of grief in their family.
“Employees or assistants of one political party shall not cause trouble or disrupt the election campaign rallies held by other political parties by asking questions to candidates or giving written leaflets or distributing leaflets. of the political party.
You have the National Outlook.
“The party will be on the ground.
However, now that the elections are in progress, the BJP has taken this path and will not use unfounded methods,” she said.
Regarding the lack of road from Dommawlieh to Lawrynjam, HYC Mawthadraishan Vice President Bhakupar Pariong said that the distance from Dommawlieh to Lawrynjam is about 5 kilometers. sha Parïong, they have to walk every day and during the rainy season they suffer greatly.
Regarding Block-11, the Assam government through the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has shown great power in the last two years, especially this year when there have been attempts by the two governments to resolve the border issue. share.
The Government has allocated T.45,864 crore for CGST and T.37,959 crore for SGST from IGST. Shillong, Jymmang 01 : The NPP candidate from Sohiong, Bah Samlin Malngiang, on Tuesday said that the UDP's reluctance to withdraw from the government is a sign of hope for the NPP. in the upcoming elections this month.
There may also be an agreement with the Convener of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) who is also the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, and BJP leaders in Delhi like JP Nadda, Amit Shah and Narendra Modi.
“Our struggle is not to get government jobs and even in private companies maybe it should be allocated and I leave this to the discretion of the Expert Committee,” he said.
The body of the suspect was identified as Rama Koch (30) of Iewmawlong, Ri Bhoi District.
Rakkam also admitted that he has heard that there are teachers who don't go to school to teach, but they leave it to others to teach, and there are teachers who don't go to school to teach.
According to Bah Syiem, the CEM has promised to look into this matter.
Shillong, July 29: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Nongtnger on Thursday issued an order directing the owners of vehicles to remove plastic bags from their vehicles. Sirens in vehicles should be removed immediately after the issuance of this notice.
The robbers also stole T.16,000 from the body of the three youths.
My soul was turned away. In secret he loved Rida and in public he acted like he loved her mother.
GNLA Chairman Champion Sangma, who is also a DSP, has been handed over to the MPDA. The DGP said that this action of the police will be a message to warn others not to follow in the footsteps of others.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: Dr. Adviser Pariong has been expelled from the Congress party in Nongstoiñ Constituency, one of which has been expelled from the KHNAM constituency. KHNAM in Nongstoin supported Fenella L Nonglait, HSPDP leaders in Nongstoin supported Fenella L Nonglait. There are no votes in this constituency.
Shillong, Shillong, 23: The Bill to ban the eating of alcohol by MLAs and MDCs was introduced in the Legislative Assembly today amidst the opposition of members especially those who are MLAs and MDCs at the same time.
Baremdor LS Lyting (24 runs from 29 balls) and Rayner Lyngdoh (24 runs from 56 balls) scored 20 runs for the team. not enough to lead the team to victory.
The Joint Secretary, MHA, said that the Ministry of Home Affairs, Govt of India is conducting thorough discussions on the demands of the Garo Hills. However, if required by the MHA, it will proceed with the amendments to the Sixth Schedule for the Khasi & Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases, who delivereth all thy soul from destruction" Psalm
“You can think here that if a colleague says that the government is corrupt but at the same time with respect to Bah Ernest, he called the journalists but he didn't dare to do so. speech," she said.
There were no injuries to people or rawon in this incident.
Jowai, July 30: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) Western Region today led a protest against the Deputy Commissioner. West Jaintia Hill District and also the CEM of JHADC to immediately remove within 10/07/2023 the Tax Gate of Assam which has been installed since 15th April in Khanduli Village.
In a statement, he said that the resignation of him was not the will of many churches but it was done by the Daloi and the AO in consultation with the EC. Andrew Shullai but there were 2 EMs who did not sign.
The festival will end on November 27 this year.
In his speech, Shah strongly criticized the Congress party for its foreign policy and accused it of working for the re-division of the country.
They immediately arrested the suspect and took him to court today, while the child was taken to Ialong Civil Hospital for further investigation. A case has been registered at Dawki Police Station according to the rules of law. In another incident, a 32-year-old man has committed suicide at his residence in Hawai Sutnga, Muktapur PP under Dawki Police Station. .
According to the videos, the students of the school in the middle of the rain, danced and sang along with this song in the ground floor of the school.
However, these government departments and the KHDC have said that they will investigate into the quarrying of stone on the Wahniangleng River which could completely destroy the river.
This announcement has reminded the people that it is through the arrival of birds called 'Mrit' in Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia.
“We have made it clear in the House that we will not introduce a bill to continue the Ordinance.
“There were people who asked for permission to hold prayers in Sector 58, but the District authorities did not give them permission, but some of them gathered at the place and informed the company management about said Dr Ajay Pal Sharma, Senior Superintendent of Police (Gautam Budh Nagar).
The tournament was opened by the Secretary of Pyndengrei Village, Bah Wickfield Syiemlieh, Chairman Ferly Paul Marwein in the presence of Assistant Secretary of Pyndengrei Village, Bah Wadlad Ïawphiaw and officials of Pyndengrei Sports. Club.
Thus, only two years later, in 1948 AD, the Jews regained their land of Israel.
Because you have become like a Mawlynnai that doesn't fade even after a long time, and so many will love it but its price is too high to buy.
The bands that participated were Dark Abyss Band, Green Room Project Band, Myrtle Gospel Band, The Nomads Band and Cursed Arrow of Monbhut Band.
Shillong, November 1: Four MLAs from West Khasi Hills, including Bah Brolding Nongsiej, MLA and MDC of the UDP from Mawthadraishan, Bah LG Nongsiej, MDC from the HSPDP from Nongstoin, Bah KP Pangniang, MLA and MDC from Ram, have been arrested. Brai Jyrngam and Witting Mawsor MLA from Mawshynrut have met with the Chief Secretary Barkos Warjri at his office to discuss the issues faced by the youth of West Khasi Hills. days until they decided to sit on a hunger strike which has been going on for five days.
New Delhi: The curfew imposed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi may continue even after 14th June 2020 as the death toll has risen to The number of cases has risen to 7,400, the report said.
He also recalled the failure of his government to curb illegal coal mining during his five years as Chief Minister.
Meghalaya, which is the team from the North East, will come out with the aim of winning the title.
“The pricing of marks and the announcement of results will be at the discretion of the schools,” said the MBoSE statement. to ensure that the examination will be clean, said the Executive Chairman of the Board.
Shillong, Nailar, 26: The NPP-led MDA Government has set a target to transfer Block I and Block II to Meghalaya in the second round of border talks with Assam. to the seven places which remain in the border.
After winning the toss and elected to bat first, Meghalaya failed to bat first and took six wickets for Andhra Pradesh for 162 runs in 20 overs.
NEDA leader Himanta Biswa Sarma has admitted that the NDA will form a government in Meghalaya, Nagaland and other states. in Tripura after the results of the elections on 2nd October.
“We don't have anything to say about the loss of jobs of 30 Khasi brothers from the Hima Sohra but on that day they came here to collect their documents but we have sought information from the authorities. They have set a deadline two or three times to provide the documents as per the working rules in this area,” he said.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 2 new cases and 52 active cases in the State.
Earlier, Prestone said that only five NPP Ministers are already in the hands of Samlin.
One of the employees of the school, said that no one saw the man when he entered the grounds of the school and after a while he was leaving the school. She saw the children lying dead on the ground and tried to perform CPR on one of them but all four of them died without receiving anything. to be taken to the hospital.
Therefore, the government will conduct many training programs and will think carefully about this issue which puts the youth at great risk,” said Paul.
It is said that Dhoni used to walk around the quarters of the railway station with his friends and sometimes his colleagues thought they were ghosts because they covered themselves with jaiñlieh and shangkylleng around. and complex.
To save yourself, you need to repent.
The 12-team tournament was played at the MFA Turf Polo Ground, Shillong.
To verify this, they have to bring the necessary documents like Aadhaar Card, Birth Certificate and others issued by the Government.
At present, the school has classes from Nursery to Class VI. The leaders have also decided to upgrade the school to Class X to make it easier for the parents who do not have the opportunity to send their children to school. those of the children far from home.
Carness is an Executive Member of the Executive Committee led by CEM Pyniaid Sing Syiem of the NPP in KHADC. The Congress MDC who joined the NPP is Batskhem Ryntathiang from Mairang.
These are the programmes, published as follows –.
There was also a rumor that the reason why the street was filled with garbage was because of the rude behavior of the shopkeepers near the street.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the party president, Bah Shullai said, “I came together with the office bearers of the South Shillong mandal to submit a letter to the party president to express my views. Our decision to support Dr Fenela as the party's candidate.
Speaker- Speaker is a member of the Legislative Assembly elected by the people to lead their district in the state, and when it is time to form the ruling and opposition parties, according to the The People's Government shall elect members who shall be neutral and impartial to empower such a Lamphang for the purpose of conducting the Legislative Assembly as provided for in the Constitution.
Aamir's spokesperson said the actor is currently undergoing home quarantine and is doing well.
Pink Floyd singer Roger Waters announced on Friday that he has married Kamilah Chavis in New York for the fourth time.
Don't count your religious beliefs if you don't have a writing but you put a writing in your heart. No one can steal or burn it. Break that writing about your religion. even.
The Food Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs Department of the State Government has come forward to urge and explain to the people the need to link Adhaar with Ration Card to avoid any problems in the future.
According to the signs of injury on the body of the child, it was found that there were no signs of injury on her face.
He said that the government has proposed to hold another meeting with the HPC in the second month of July this year but the HPC has not yet given a word to the government regarding the issue. this mat.
He said that it will be held in the month of June and the venue will be decided where it will be held because if possible it can be held in Bhoi or Sohra to bring closer to the people.
After the march, a public meeting was held at Iew Umdang, and on the part of Grace Lanong President KSU Girls Wing, while speaking at the meeting, she said that if the law enforcement agencies The poor need to revive the village bomb once again so that such crimes and violence against women and children will not happen again.
The All Meghalaya Dancers Association (ADA) has sent its best wishes to the youngsters for reaching the goal of the competition. young men who are rich should improve their skills.
Earlier, the CEM also met with the employees of the Council who organized the strike on that day.
The 11th Legislative Assembly of the State will have new members for a term of five years, ie, 2023 to
The speed and scope of implementation of the JJM is unprecedented.
This is also the first time in the SPPL 2021-22 season that a match ended without a goal.
The meeting will be held on the 24th November 2023 at Nenggate Dorbar Hall, Pynursla at 1 pm, said a statement issued by KSU South Central East Circle, Pynursla.
Furthermore, this year, 11 rots were brought to the Biar with a lot of joy and happiness. After the rot, the rots were broken as a sign of the end of the Behdeinkhlam festival. .
There is no need to talk about kajor, but turn to the jhur that the poor eat such as rice, kubi and others. The price is between 50 to 60 tyngka in Ïewduh while in other parts of the city the price is long 70 to 80 tyngka per kilo.
Dr. Shylla also explained about the spread of AIDS and HIV. Ma A.War in his speech said that blood is the most important part of the body of a living person because blood circulation is the most important part of the body. helps to bring oxygen to the body.
It is clear that the cadre strength in relation to the Reservation refers to the number of posts or posts to be filled in one year, and does not refer to the number of posts or posts to be filled. has been filed in the past.
However, the next day, the office bearers of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, went back to meet the Prime Minister, to discuss the same issue, which is to discuss the need to upgrade the rank of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar. Patharkhmah Administrative Unit to the Civil Sub-Division, along with other matters related to the needs of the people in the District.
When the country was under foreign rule, there were attempts to divide the nation in various ways.
Activities such as reading, meditating and traveling alone can really strengthen the mind, improve the quality of life and gain new ideas.
“We need to get our heads up and we need to do our job well.
Any vehicles of the supporters of the Candidates shall not play music or songs inside their vehicles, whether during the meeting or not.
After this, the Speaker of the House put a proposal to the Members of the Legislative Assembly whether to accept or reject the five-day Lyiur Dorbar.
According to police, he was arrested in
Speaking at a meeting of the Economic Times, Bajaj said, “None of my employees will speak, I will speak clearly.
“We cannot fail to congratulate and thank the ASHAs for their dedication in their areas of work especially we must not forget how they dedicated themselves during the time of CoVid-1
He said that there are 1219 vacant teacher posts in government schools and 420 in SSA schools. “There are 1,219 vacant teacher posts in government schools of which 1002 are in Lower Schools. Primary, 41 in Upper Primary, 125 in Secondary and 51 in Higher Secondary.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Education, Lakmen Rymbui, MLA Umroi Constituency, George B Lyngdoh, Archbishop of Shillong Diocese, Rev Dominic Jala, Principal of St Marys College, Mary Harriet, Principal of St Mary's College, Mary Harriet. sister of the Fathers, the Village Authorities and the residents of Syllei Lar Umroi.
Other speakers at the meeting were HSPDP Nongstoin General Secretary Michael Thongni, HSPDP Mawkyrwat Area President Nolipstar Lyngdoh, Martle Mukhim MDC Mawkynrew and other party office bearers.
Not only foreigners were affected but two journalists of Mawphor and Batesi TV were also injured.
I look forward to playing under the guidance of Manolo as coach and to learn more to improve in the game.
It was TN Sechan, the Chief Election Commissioner of India at that time, who introduced the EPIC and it is still in force today.
Speaking to media, JAC Chairman Bah Purningstar Shabong said that if any of the Ministers, Village Leaders or anyone who supports the re-appointment of the former Lyngdoh, they will turn to the KHADC to demand. he shall not be removed from the priesthood.
He said the decision to appoint the TFC was taken after receiving complaints and allegations that the water supplied by the PHE department is not safe to drink due to the high level of chemical contamination.
When contacted by these people, they said that they suspect that the cause of the disease was after eating Dohsniang, because those who did not eat They didn't hurt Dohsniang at all.
Conrad said that at the meeting it was explained to everyone that the roster system is an ongoing process and it is necessary to understand the starting year because it allows us to understand where we are now in terms of the roster we have now.
The state Vice President of the TMC said that such incidents have been reported in Meghalaya.
It is important to check with your doctor first if you are interested in taking these medications.
The Department of Telecommunications (DoT) in collaboration with the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) has launched the Cell Broadcast Alert System on 30th March with the aim of assisting in emergency notification in the event of any incident. damaged by natural and other forces and to ensure for the safety of the inhabitants.
This will also be the first time that many political leaders have come from Garo Hills to hold the positions of Prime Minister, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and others.
If this is not recognized, the gur may not be.
The MSL is a league of champions that has received the support of the state government since its inception and includes clubs that are champions from various leagues run by various associations. The winners will now face each other in the tournament which was launched by the MFA in the 2017-18 season.
Rani said the party's demand is that the government should listen to the demands of the political parties including the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP), The second is the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India and the third is the demand for the special recognition of the Khasi through the existing Instrument of Accession (IoA). The treaty between the Government and the Dominion of India has been signed for hundreds of years, from 1947-1
She urged women to stand on their own feet and inform the law enforcement authorities so that they can get assistance.
Now the villagers are happy because the rulers are para-doh parasnam but if this happens, they will soon be surprised after being ruled by others.
By Jonis Kharthangmaw (Thad, village Ri-bhoi District).
The Pastor said that this is to fight against the order of the Supreme Court, as the final decision has not been issued yet.
Shillong: The Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) respects the identity of the indigenous people and is committed to preserving and respecting the right of the people to believe or practice any religion.
That is the main reason why it is wrong to witness the farms which the owners cannot afford to leave alone.
On this occasion, the officials distributed cash prizes to the winners of various sports events.
U Bah HM Shangpliang, praised the project “Ka Lawei” and hoped that such a project will be introduced in other schools in the district which have not yet received this project. The Digital Smart Class Room, urged the Government to provide more assistance to the students through these Smart Class Rooms to bring about a change in the quality of education and the way of life. education of children in school.
He said that journalists who understand the impact of their news, understand the needs of children and believe in writing the right news and respect the rights of children. and so they are really those defenders of children’s rights.
Shillong, July 15: The opportunity has opened up for the students, who have been unable to write the CUET examination, due to the lack of examination centers outside the state.
The fashion show will also be part of the opportunity for young girls and boys to showcase their talents in fashion shows or models from this area.
When you work, you have to earn and pay.
In the state, such schools are still scarce and it makes it difficult for parents to send their children to school in order to get the education as required by their livelihood.
Shillong, July 27: The incident of Tailin Lyngdoh from Langtor village, Mairang Civil Sub Division, Meghalaya at Delhi Golf Club, has been an act of violence and insult. Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit said in a statement today.
“It is not only happening in Karnataka but in the whole country.
At these meetings, it was also decided to give a public explanation on the need to stand up against the attempt to forcibly introduce one language in India and the need to introduce the Khasi and Garo languages. in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The Seng demands that the State Government should take action on this issue and inform the ears of the Central Government that it should not implement this Act in Meghalaya and instead should implement it. The Inner Line Permit (ILP), the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India and to ensure the proper border.
The Congress party has issued a strict order to those who commit anti-party activities in West Bengal and directed the party in the state to submit a report on the incident. and damaged the Board which wrote and posted notices about the party's activities in Kolkata.
Speaking to Rupang, his brother said that he doesn't remember the appearance of his brother because he left home when he was 9 years old. said the brother of Mit.
Many have fallen into such traps especially the jobs of various companies which have turned into hell in our human life in this world.
Babu SS Majaw, one of the prominent writers, swore in the office bearers including President Peter J Lawai, Vice President Donbok Kharlyngdoh, General Secretary Robert Robert. June Kharjahrin, and other office bearers of the party.
He said that the surprising thing is that most of the time it should be implemented but it has been ordered to go backwards or from the beginning (Retrospective). 40 to 40 posts and one post in District Offices.
[continued]Chapter XXXIV. In this chapter, the teacher explains clearly that the will or thought of doing or deciding alone is not true.
“Until the 10th of this month, we have pumped up to 1 crore liters of water but there is still no shortage of water,” said Bah Kyrmen.
The meeting was attended by Lambok Rymbai, Vice President KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit and Samborlang Shabong (Asst.GS KSU SWKHD).
DO THIS: DON’T DO THIS: All of the above instructions should be followed strictly by everyone.
This backwardness is due to the root cause, corruption in many ways, in money, in jobs, in opposition and others which are exactly like the storms that destroy and violate justice. of the people that the state or central government has been helping specifically through the people's development projects.
They had to return all the money.
All residents have been ordered to stay at home and isolate themselves.
He said he accepts the decision of the NCP to nominate him as a candidate for the mid-term elections and his appearance to contest the elections is through the NCP's choice of his name as The candidate and he too has a strong desire to carry this heavy burden for the people of Laban-Mawprem constituency.
After the 'Charoh blai' has been removed, the children of the king will remove the rot ki rong inside Aitnar.
When asked for his opinion, he said that the KHADC next year should order that each Hima should set up one food shop which will only be traditional food.
The discussion came at a time when the State Government plans to launch the Chief Minister's Solar Mission in November, which is estimated to cost up to T.100 crore.
In this incident, vehicles parked outside Laitumkhrah Police Station including a Gypsy Police vehicle (ML02-0238) were set on fire while a Tourist vehicle (ML05 Y-). 9977 vehicles were damaged by the stone throwing and a two-wheeler in the same area was damaged.
In fact, the village headmen should have taken care of such a scheme and should not have given the dulir to private individuals to dig and smuggle slaves to Bangladesh.
At this meeting, they discussed many issues related to the shooting of Tim in polo.
Besides the demand to increase the number of employees at the bank, the RBYF also demanded that the bank should install an ATM, so that the people can avoid going to the bank. They stood in line inside the bank when they tried to withdraw money.
The gold medals were won by West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills.
Therefore, he directed all Government Departments/Agencies of the State Government which have employed or re-employed persons who have reached the age of 70 years to dismiss them immediately.
He said that he has given the lantern to the students so that there will be no interruption in their studies and urged them to use it well for their study needs.
It is the inspired Word of God.—2 Timothy 3:1
While the government today praised the teachers at a meeting at the State Central Library, Shillong on the occasion of Teachers Day, the deficit teachers were sad and worried because they have not received the arrear which is part of the salary.
After the march, the KSU held a meeting in front of the office of the SDO of MeECL in Nongpoh where speakers on the occasion included Bah Ferdinald Kharkamni President of KSU NKHD, James The Rangbah Shnong of Pahamlapong and Pahamsohtri, teachers and parents of Ri Bhoi District have expressed their grief over the death of the residents of Ri Bhoi District. The students, entrepreneurs and entrepreneurs have been affected by the increasing shortage of electricity, while the bill light is still increasing which the people are having difficulty paying.
Before concluding the report, the TMC was ready to send any questions and issues on the misguidance and corruption of the MDA government.
In the final match, which was witnessed by thousands of fans, Mawlai beat Laitkor 3-1
In another development, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlong Unit has decided to suspend its relationship with the KSU from the 14th of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Akash Kumar Choudhary took four wickets in the opening match of the Ranji Trophy plate group between Meghalaya and Sikkim at Rangpo.
Linguistics : It is called Linguistics because it is the branch of science that deals with words and phrases.
Their bodies produce insulin but do not work properly on it, people with this disease can change their blood sugar levels by making the right choices and lifestyle their.
Shillong, March 26 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday praised the Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, saying that it is under his leadership that the State has improved rapidly in the country. side of the game.
The issues that the Hill's Farmer Union West Jaintia Hills Unit has to convey to the Government of Meghalaya through this public meeting are to provide the needs of the farmers such as seeds, fertilizer, water supply to the farmland, Market to facilitate farmers, Reduce kilo prices in the market, Strengthen the agriculture sector such as pig farming, cattle farming, cow farming, Dohkha farming and others, Increase the number of scientists in charge of agriculture to avoid pest damage to crops, provision of roads and paths to farmland, to expedite assistance to farmers in case of environmental damage and others.
The ban on appointments of the MUA-II government has not come into force until these days especially when Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, who holds two posts, as an MDC and MLA, has not complied with the order of the government. He has also been appointed by the Governor's Office, the High Court and the Election Commission of India.
“Personally, I feel that George B Lyngdoh is the right candidate, but the party will consider the issues related to the Lok Sabha MP election 2024,” said Charles.
The JAC said that they have no other choice but to come out to protest against the 111th seminar of the Academic Council to be held on the 31st of March. to 11 a.m. Yes Multi Use Convention Hall.
The second phase is expected to be held in March 2023, to coincide with the 4th Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors (FMCBG) meeting.
Ardent said this while opposing the decision of the state government to appoint a person named A. Ali as the Secretary of the MSCTE.
Therefore, through this inspection and found out all the facts about the problems of the people in this area, he will talk to the state government to bring development works to this area, regarding He said that he will tell the government that the development projects should not be stopped, but the land of Shyiap should not go to Assam at all. , he added.
“Let's go first,” said the Rangbah Shnong and hurried.
In fact, it should have consulted with the experts and the public on this.
The murder of this schoolgirl has shocked and shocked the residents of the village as this incident has frightened and shocked many people.
He urged them to take advantage of all the benefits of the Sub Center to get all the health services.
The Program Manager, MCSWA, Kong R.Patlong gave a talk on the various types of drugs used by drug users, the consequences of drug use from the beginning to the end of drug use. , she also spoke on the income impact on long-term families with drug addicts and the discrimination against those families and drug addicts.
Out of the 20323 regular candidates, 16,650 passed or 81.93 percent.
In the morning, on Tuesday and Saturday, seminars (Business Sessions) were held and in the evening, public meetings were held. Synod meeting in Muallian.
The DC said that according to the information received from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 100 percent of the COVID cases tested in the state have been found to belong to the Delta Strain. -19 which is strong and can spread faster, which will lead to new cases of the disease in many, and also the need for hospitalization.
It is therefore unlikely that the people will be shocked to lose the power and authority of these politicians in
Meghalaya Governor V Shanmuganathan has resigned from the post of Public Relation Officer (PRO) at Raj Bhavan, Shillong. He said it was too early to order an inquiry into the allegation due to lack of evidence.
Police have taken the body of Junmoni Rabha to Kaliabor Sub-Division Civil Hospital, but doctors have pronounced her dead before receiving treatment. .
Shillong, Naitung 20: Two doctors of the Civil Hospital have been arrested by the police today for allegedly robbing a patient who went to get medicine from the hospital.
Jowai, November 25: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Nongjngi Khliehshnong Unit has strongly condemned the killing of Elington Pale, who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Nongjngi Iongthma.
Replying to a question, the Rangbah Shnong replied that the village cannot allege that it is a church group involved in the illegal construction of the cross. Lowis Sohphoh, who refused to inform the Dorbar Shnong, said that the land belongs to the village, which has an area of ​​about tens of acres, which also extends to the Umiam River. There were two raids, the Namsha Raid and the Iapngar Raid.
Brig RV Singh, DDG Recruiting NE States expressed his satisfaction with the state government's provision of the requirements for the recruitment.
On the 11th of this month, police arrested one person identified as Tarson Lymba, leader of the HNYF from Dawki, while another person identified as u Ebakordor Nongpluh, 26, was arrested from Malki, Shillong after the bomb blast.
The police are the sons of shisha.
What household clothes, electric kettle or hot tea, refrigerator, rice cooker, washing machine, heater, Geyser; to 200 times more electricity than bulbs or tube lights or CFLs or LED bulbs.
Thank God that Israel's rejection of the Savior of the world was the means of salvation for all of us Gentiles as it is now.
This will ensure that the entire hospital will not be affected by such diseases.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 05 : U Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, NPP candidate from Mawhati Constituency today came forward to clarify to the public after he made a statement regarding his speech yesterday after the filing of nomination papers for the election. elections to the State Legislative Assembly.
SDO: +918822922422 Sub-Inspectors: 8414806738/ 9436110184/ 8731025753 Email: sdo_amlarem@outlook.com.
They said that in the last 40 years of BJP rule in the country, its aim has been to oppose the minorities in the country.
Besides Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State, praised Sosthenes Sohtun and said that out of all the incumbent MLAs, only the Jirang MLA has been able to bring about the many of them are working within the Constituency.
It has been a great blessing for us even if the salary is small but when the salary is low we can pay the bills and we get the food.
“In the previous EC we were present but what I said yesterday was on the resolution from the speech on the right to buy land for other ethnic groups in the border areas. Have you ever visited the border areas, but this EC has visited the border areas and has seen and found that they have been occupied by other ethnic groups who have land. “The resolution to change the identity of the people, but the speech does not refer to the bills passed by the previous EC,” said the CEM. ) was brought by the Leader of the Northern Party, Bah Titosstarwel Chyne in the dorbar tlang regarding the working methods of the current EC.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that many illegal activities are happening in the state, not only illegal mining.
Shillong, June 26: The Movement for Indigenous Rights (MIPRL)-Meghalaya on Saturday decided to demand a three-part card instead of the ILP to curb the illegal immigration. There are no foreigners in this state.
“We strongly condemn the shooting death of five policemen who were on their way to Tura,” said Streamly S Niangti General Secretary. The government should have investigated and tracked down those involved in the killing of five policemen,” said Niangti.
The training was held at the office of the Block Development Officer of Amlarem Block.
In the first century, the Jewish world and the Roman Empire did not accept what Jesus stood for and did for women.
This is the last budget session of the state for this five-year term (2013-2018) before a new one next year.
Syngkon, Linza F Syiem and Wandashisa Warjri were the only medal winners for Meghalaya at the 34th National Games
The group of Rangbah Shnongs demanded that the law enforcement agencies should not accept this case blindly, but should come soon to see the truth.
Also to assist Booth Level Officers in any necessary areas when they arrive in your village.
Speaking as the chief guest, Wailadmiki Shylla said that the Meghalaya Youth Policy 2021 has been developed for the development of talented youth from the age of 5 to 29 years.
“However, to make unfounded accusations without any facts just from my own opinion is not right especially from a Congress leader,” said James.
The 15 former MDCs who lost the election are Teilinia Thangkhiew from Mylliem constituency, James Ban Basaiawmoit from Mawkhar Pynthor, LG Nongsiej from Nongstoin, Equator Nongrang from Mairang; Hadrian Lyngdoh of Mawkyrwat, Jansing Tynsong of Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh, Neil Antonio War of Malki-Laitumkhrah, Donkupar Sumer of Umsning, James Sylliang of Mawhati, Albinus Lyngdoh of Umroi, Rona Kheit. of Nongpoh, Donevan Kharwanlang of Sohra and Ricky Shullai of Laban-Mawprem.
Speaking to media, AL Hek said that although they have received information that Union Home Minister Amit Shah will visit Shillong, they have not yet received information. get to know the programs that are scheduled and they don’t know if he has time to meet them.
So far, 822 villages have been affected by floods and landslides and 5,86,434 lakh people have been affected by the natural disaster.
The BJP's complaint came 10 days before the polling day for the mid-term MP elections for the Tura Lok Sabha.
Pyrdiwah is the team that has already qualified for the semi final, said a statement through D Khongsit, President and S Kharwan, Secretary.
The tournament was also held as part of the celebration of the contribution of farmers to the society through agriculture. Participants came from all over Meghalaya including Khasi Hills and Garo Hills.
"You ordered. "Are you afraid of Mei...?" Rida asked again, “Em, I'm going to leave...” He said again. Rida didn't say anything else but went away.
There are about 4 lakh people without job cards in the state.
The RBYF leader said that according to the information of the RBYF, the reason for the network failure is due to the lack of batteries to support the network during the blackout. boarding.
On these incidents, both the perpetrator and the victim have their own opinions, but to those who look from the back, it has brought about the fear that the police will attack the taxi driver and the victim. This shows that there is no other law, but it is just a matter of justice.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary of the union, Bah Chandame Sungoh, said that the union leaders have found out about the fraud at the petrol pump. They went to fill up 5 liters of petrol from the petrol pump, but the union leaders found that there was only 3 liters of petrol which is less than 2 liters.
In this regard, the DTO explained that there are some vacancies which have not yet been filled through the District Selection Committee (DSC) and for that reason the office has decided to fill the vacancies. dkhoh to work.
Because according to Daniel, God said – “70 weeks are over.
The captivity of the Jews did not happen by chance but was foretold by God from heaven – “If you turn away from my statutes, and from my commandments which I have commanded you, and ye shall serve other gods, and worship them : and I will utterly pluck them up out of my land (the land of Israel) which I have given them" 2 Chronicles 7:19-2
He said that KAS and Arts & Culture should work together strongly in the Khasi language.
They were arrested while they were on their way to Agartala from Ambassa.
Every sacrifice performed during this ceremony is accompanied by musical sounds, whether on the dance floor or at the altar, or in the interior spaces of the Sad house.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government on Friday announced that it will provide 2 percent interest to farmers in the state who receive loans from the Kisan Credit Card (KCC).
This Covenant is called the Ten Commandments and the Ten Commandments explain how to live and conduct life.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle has organized an annual event to recognize and encourage the youth of Bri U Hynniewtrep within the boundary of the village. Mawlai will hold once again the Maitshaphrang Academic Award Cum Inter-School Literary Competition 2014 on the 20th of this month at the Auditorium of Shillong Polytechnic Institute, Mawlai Kynton Massar.
When we were given a name that came from the Pnar language, we thought that we were the first to live there.
This is the issue, which is being discussed a lot these days, because the truth, has not been revealed at all and this is in an area, known as Area
The Congress party has announced that it has expelled Dr. Adviser Pariong from the party according to the rules of procedure of the party for opposing the party by announcing publicly that he supports the HSPDP in one of its campaigns. The election was held in Nongstoin constituency.
However, the CAG said that this reply has nothing to do with the suggestion expressed by the Cabinet Secretary and approved by the Chief Secretary and Additional Chief Secretary in charge of Electricity.
Gilbert Kharmujai (4 overs: tied for 29 runs; 2 wickets) and Jhon Dkhar (4 overs: tied for 18 runs: 1 wicket) Sanmer scored 10 runs in the match.
The award ceremony was held at Good Shepherd Higher Secondary School, Jongksha.
“If you look now, the parties that claim to be ethnic parties have claimed that they will use the rich to contest elections or that they will join the rich and there is also the President of one of the largest ethnic parties in the country. The state who claims that the party he leads does not have a shortage of money now talks about money and in the past those who contested elections were not rich but had a foundation and spirit of service to the state " he said.
Since its implementation this year, more than 13,000 students from 62 schools and colleges across the state have reaped the fruits of success from this programme.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
For more information, please call 9856041365, 9436102663,
However, the players of Rangdajied United tried to score again in the second half but by the end of the second half Rangdajied United had scored only 10 goals. Rangdajied United FC won the Meghalaya State League 2023 with this goal in the first half.
The meeting elected the Waheh Shnong, Skem Sumer, Assistant Waheh Shnong, Martin Lyngdoh, Secretary, Deihok Sumer, Assistant Secretary, Jeki Lakhi, Treasurer, Noren Palong, Chairman, Mr. Speaker.
The gathering of youths from all over the state in Tura to take part in the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 which will start on the 15th and end on the 20th of this month will be of benefit to the youth.
On the other hand, the union has requested the Rangbah Shnongs of Bhoirymbong area not to issue NOCs to foreigners who want to work in the area without proper documents as there are many Khasi youths. who is without work without jam.
AIS SujaEveryone wants peace.
He also questioned why the police have been ordered to use masks, to bomb the people, to send male policemen to touch women while the police have not been ordered. on the border to use weapons, to protect the border or to shoot at the Karbi who enter the State border at Lapangap.
“When the government takes a decision on any issue, they have to think carefully because it is not easy and therefore the Committee has given 15 days to all political parties to submit their views,” he said. , she added.
The Road Construction Department of the State Government has been looking for ways and means to relieve the traffic jam and the Minister of Road Construction, Martin M Danggo has visited the area. The road from Mawlai Umjapung to NEHU which connects to the VIP Road to be improved for the convenience of passengers.
If the father is a drinker, the family is often destroyed.
He said that compared to the performance of the PHC, it should be upgraded to a CHC so that it can provide better services to the people.
When she grew up, she traveled around the world. It was at this time that they say, “When children grow up, the responsibility is heavy.” Especially when her children traveled around the world. The environment in which I live is different whether in the city or in the countryside.
He said that through this step, the union wants to educate the residents how to take care of the rivers and fish species so that they do not disappear. to be vigilant in their own villages to prohibit any hostile persons and to kill fish in the rivers.
He said that the Seng will follow up on this issue.
As he used to pray now, he prayed to the people not to suffer for a while, for a while, soon the journey will be peaceful.
On the other hand, the EE said that the increase in bill light has many reasons and one of these is because the office has been revising or increasing the price of bills every year. domestic, commercial and high voltage voltage.
• How do we deal with people’s doubts about the COVID vaccine? How can we deal with the reluctance to receive vaccines? • How can we deliver vaccines to the remote areas of the country on time? Who will vaccinate them? In the midst of these doubts and criticisms, Team Health India encouraged itself and began its work prepared after long deliberation.
He also witnessed the impact of VBSY on the cleanliness of the villages where campaigns have been launched in many places to receive the 'Modi Ki Guarantee vehicle'
The match in the first half between the two teams ended without any goal.
He also criticized the people in power especially the police for becoming mere spectators of the bloodshed and allowing the mob to treat a mother with disrespect, to kill her child. 19 year old and her father in the street, as they tried to help rescue the victim.
It is never any case too late to dangle an innovation for the sake of quality and ability to provide medical benefits.
Political parties and leaders should not make misleading statements to the people without any basis in their statements.
The fourth Dorbar of the Kur will be held at Sohryngkham in 2023 where the flag of the Kur has been handed over by the Tynring Unit to the Sohryngkham Unit.
“He said he wants to explain to the party that they have no right to accuse him personally because the decision of the government is the decision of all.
According to the Jowai Municipal Board, the Board has already completed the cleaning of the highway and it is expected that the garbage from the market will be cleaned by the end of the month.
Hamletson said the monument will also be dedicated to other great personalities like Soso Tham, Kiang Nangbah and Patogan Sangma.
In a statement sent by Bah Donald V. Thabah, General Secretary, the CEC of the Seng said that the CEC of the Seng has met urgently today to discuss and resolve such incidents. for Khasi in the border area.
At the same time, Ma Thombor Shiwat congratulated the HYC War Jaintia for introducing this bill, for its vision to preserve the Khasi herbal medicines in Jaintia Hills. “The bill will be submitted to the committee for discussion and will be recognized by the JHADC,” said a statement from Publicity Samla Riki Mukhim.
When asked about this, Bajop Pyngrope said that this is an example of the rise of the NPP, and many parties like to announce the name of their party in the Assembly.
The arrested were identified as John Matthew Boone and Michael James Flimchum.
Genesis 1:26-27.
Once it is impossible to cleanse the tyrud, the tyrud and smer burn and work quickly without much delay.
The company has been rejected during the tender for the construction of the new dorbar hall, Bah Metbah said that he does not know anything about this because the work has been done smoothly. the government and the PWD (Building).
The order was issued by the Division Bench of the High Court yesterday regarding the deaths of detainees in the state.
And you have ordered us to accept, obey and support the leader/CEM nominated by the UDP and we as MDCs of the party have accepted, obeyed and done as you have ordered us to do”. they said.
Even the owner of a petrol pump loses money if he loses 100 liters of petrol per day,” he said.
Schools, colleges and universities now all have their own counselors but perhaps students are reluctant to meet them because they are accused of being stupid.
“Regarding the demands expressed by some political parties on the Reservation Policy, I would like to request the Prime Minister and the Government of Meghalaya to review the current Reservation Policy of Meghalaya in 85% for SCs/STs while others received only 15%.
Matthew 13:42-50.
“But he brought me to this point because he saw that my heart is for the country and the nation,” said Ardent.
Students can also get their results by sending an SMS to 56263, for Science send SMS – MBOSE12SROLL NUMBER to 56263, for Commerce send SMS – MBOSE12C ROLL NUMBER send to 56263, for Arts send SMS – MBOSE1
In this match, Dey won the title of 'Rang ialeh ba Kynsai' by scoring 51 runs from 32 balls.
Lambor Skhem Kharpuri, also known as Khan, is one of the candidates who has applied for the Congress ticket from Mawkynrew constituency.
To encourage children to choose sports as it is one of the ways to promote sports and maintain a healthy body.
Then Paul and Barnabas spoke boldly to the Jews, saying, “It was necessary that the word of God should first be spoken to you, but seeing you rejected it and judged yourselves unworthy of life. eternal, BEFORE WE WILL GO TO THE GENES" Acts 13:44-4
He said the party will hold a public hearing so that the people can understand how the ILP will help prevent people from entering the state and Khasi Jaintia.
He also expressed the hope that this scheme will benefit the residents once the work is completed.
Isn't it a misdeed to the time and the day of the people? Why doesn't the BDO have a Ban Don to work in Bujii Haka Jaka ? Or he shall not shake hands or leave anyone in his place and shall not take care of the needs of the people.
“Dr Kant has sought clarification on the proposal to split the KHADC constituency from the DCA,” said DCA Minister HDR Lyngdoh.
Nongpoh: Due to the large number of electricity posts in Nongwah village in Ri Bhoi district.
The Rangdajied team also includes Aibor Khongjee as Chief Technical Officer, Aibanjop Shadap as Assistant Coach, Wanlang Diengdoh as Manager and Goalkeeper Coach, Kong Golden Rymbai as Physio and Andrew Suting as General Manager. Bah KS Kurbah as Chief Adviser and other office bearers.
Government to Person (G2P) Payments:Over the past fifty years, India has built one of the largest digital G2P services in the world using DPIs. $361 billion in payments from 53 Central Government departments through 312 schemes.
Jowai, November 20: The Independence Day Cub Under-17 Football Tournament 2023 was held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai on Friday.
of Law, NEHU, showcases India's struggle for independence through a series of photographs.
Citizens can download the cVigil app on their mobile phones and lodge a complaint against the violation of the Code of Conduct with the Election Commission of India, said Chief Election Officer Fredrick Kharkongor, IAS today. in the evening.
However, if there are processes going on these can continue the work.
Former Chairman of the EC of the Area Unit, Bah Donbok Thabah, said that they welcome the appointment of the Central Body to the EC of the Area Unit.
“If they really mean it, they should have done it from the MUA government when they were in power but they have not taken any action or done anything,” Conrad told reporters.
“When Dr Mukul Sangma was the Prime Minister, why didn't he take action or do anything? what do you have? why does he listen so quietly? Where is Bah DD Lapang, why don't they do anything? Where is Captain Williamson Sangma, where is Bah BB Lyngdoh?
He also launched the Aspirational Blocks Program Portal and an exhibition.
He said that the father and the eldest son were discharged from the hospital after recovering but sadly one of the two sons died on the same day. the following 28th another child died.
Because of the minister's promise, Bah Kharsyiemlieh said the party will stop before carrying out the plan to hold the protest.
The President of the MPCC, Bah Vincent Pala, has strongly condemned the shooting death of three Khasi elders in Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills. to provide employment to the families of those who died and for those who were injured, 'the government should send them for treatment to avoid debt'
Police are coming back after they were taken to the hospital, said the residents.
“We expect him to play well and win so that it will be an honor for the State as a whole.
It is indeed painful to see the farmers being affected from time to time by the forces of nature.
The DGP of Assam, GP Singh, today said that the state police have so far arrested 25 persons, including children/youths. students involved in the theft of HSLC examination questions in General Science.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 48447 out of which 43070 have recovered and 819 have died.
Shillong, June 27: The Sub Divisional Magistrate, Sohra Civil Sub Division, Sohra has enforced Section 144CrPC which prohibits trucks from passing from Sohra to Shillong from 6 pm to 6 pm.
The cash prize and the date of the tournament will be announced later by the WJDSA.
In a petition signed by JSU President Jersom Zealand, JYF President OL Tariang and EJNC President Sambormi Lyngdoh, the Joint Action Committee (JAC) has urged the Government to take action against the government. Which Agency and the Government should transfer the forest land from West Khasi Hills District to Jaintia Hills District as there are still many forest land in these two districts.
NESO President Samuel Jyrwa said that the party and all the people of the region stand against the Bill as it affects all the states in the North East.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem today called for a meeting with the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep Hills District to discuss MUDA and VAB. They decided that the KHADC will write to the Governor to seek clarification on the grounds on which the Governor's Office has sent the Village Administration Bill to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India.
“They say everywhere that the VPP is a new and clean party, but only a new party. shoot shoot", he threw more.
JSM-Pamra Sohkymphor Zone Office bearers: JSM President Ma Leningstar Rymbai in his speech, urged the members of the new executive committee to be faithful servants to the people of JSM. This area is because of the many problems faced by the people including from Pamra, Sohkymphor and Byrwai.
In this incident, as it was early in the morning, the pedestrians were not there yet and many people from the village were forced to leave their homes, although many of them the inhabitants are farmers, so there has never been any tragedy in the lives of people and livestock.
It is these types of women who do not have the right to respect the words of their parents and do low-value jobs and the value in society declines, from home to abroad.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Mawlai By-Pass and Mawkynroh Umshing Police Outpost in the presence of Deputy CM Prestone Tynsong and Education Minister Lahkmen Rymbui. , Chairman of Meghalaya Planning Board Lambor Malngiang, MLA Process T Sawkmie and MDC Teibor Pathaw.
Shillong, July 10: The HSPDP has suspended Sohryngkham MDC Pyniaid Sing Syiem for two years from the HSPDP on charges of anti-party activities. Dr. Paul L Dkhar has resigned from the post of Publicity Secretary.
It is true that we should be able to work easily to complete our studies but this makes us doubt.
What good will it do you to complete your course if you lose again, in this terrible disease, those beloved students from whom you used to receive your name and honor as great school principals and as respected schoolteacher? What good is it to get that money or scheme or fund or any other snap of money that you have been waiting for but you lose those stars of the future, when who are still beginning to grow well, who should bring honor to your school and the nation as a whole? How painful it would be if we lost those little angels, who didn't even understand what the disease meant to them! If they die prematurely, just because of your greed, will you not sin before God? As experienced school principals and as experienced teachers who are more aware of the value of human life, you must be open-minded and thoughtful to see that the lives of your beloved students and Our beloved children are safe and free from any fear such as this disease or even this corrupt and commodified education system.
Receiving BJP soap means that you are clean from all sides and there is no need to be afraid.
The entry fee is 2000 tyngka per team and the registration fee is 50 tyngka per player.
Earlier, a Delhi court on Tuesday remanded Kavitha in jail till 20th June.
Bah Lurshaphrang said that it was the use of force by the police that caused the incident.
However, at the same time, he said that the MIPRL will conduct itself in a democratic manner and will not support any illegal activities.
“We are pleased to announce that the ACA Stadium, Guwahati will host these two matches of the Tata IPL on the 5th and 8th of June this year,” the statement said.
KSU leaders said that during the meeting with the BDO, he said that the office accepts applications no matter how many times they come but before giving approval to get EPIC, the office will check carefully with them. They should also ensure that they have all the necessary documents.
Is it true as one church founder said that if there are 1000 Christians in a church, 1000 workers are needed so that there can be personal fellowship and follow-up with them? make sure they get enough nourishment.
With more than 500 registered participants, it is expected that there will be a strong participation.
“There are some who speak against but most of the Hynniewtrep people support the mother race,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: A tree has fallen near Raj Bhavan (near the Governor's House) near the YWCA at 4:30 pm today during heavy rain. city ​​of Shillong.
They went because they wanted to.
“All these are just dreams,” said Conrad while responding to a question whether the UDP will lose one ministerial seat to allow a PDF MLA to take over the ministerial seat.
A house owned by Lamjingshai Suchen, Secretary of Mission Compound, has been destroyed this morning.
Speaking to media, Dr Ampareen said, “The government will take the best decision and the government will ensure that the decision will be based on accurate information”.
Sharma said the Trinamool Congress will not win much in the upcoming elections.
Lakasein, United Biate have not scored any points after losing to Pool A. Tluh from Pool B have scored only 1 point. at 2.00 pm.
He said that the HYC leaders who have been charged include President Roy Kupar Synrem, Vice President Donbok Kharlyngdoh, Assistant General Secretary Isaac Basaiawmoit and others who cannot be named.
Both teams worked hard with the goal of reaching the goal of victory, but by the end of the first half and half, the match ended goalless.
Government departments that do not yet exist or cannot fully function in East Jaintia Hills District include the Assistant Registrar of Cooperative Societies, Assistant Director IPR, Office of the Joint Director of Schools Education & Literacy, Divisional Forest Office (Social Forestry), Divisional Forest Office (Territorial), District Librarian, Office of the Executive Engineer, (CEW) A.H.&Veterinary Office, Office of the Executive Engineer , PHE- Electrical Division, Executive Engineer, PHE (RWS) Division, District Sericulture Office, District Urban Planner/Town Planning Office, Executive Engineer, Urban Affairs, District Handloom Office, Inspector Weaving Office and others.
As a sign of solidarity with the Central Government, the State Government and the District Administration, MAYU has announced that it will not hold this festival this year.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “Although I cannot give a detailed explanation on this decision, the roster and the recruitment will continue”.
Mahajan is the second woman to become Speaker of the Lok Sabha.
Shillong: U MLA of North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum today handed over an ambulance donated from the MLA scheme to the Urban Mission of the KJP Western Synod.
Shillong, November 27: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Umroi on Tuesday welcomed Umroi MDC Albinus Lyngdoh to the party.
During the march, these people sent by NESFAS started shouting 'Hoi kiw!' and after a while other Indians as well as leaders from around the world including Turin Those who took part shouted Hoi kiw! This journey took many hours because we had to pass through many parts of Turin.
However, the most important need is the road because if there is no proper road, even if the products of the area are many, it doesn't make sense because they stay only inside the village but to transport to the market they don't have to. maybe because of the lack of road.
However, this is impossible, because each child grows up in his own way.
“Now we are waiting for the report, after receiving the report we will do what we should do,” she said. DBS Mukhim, Assistant Commissioner, Food Safety Department, said:
Shillong, November 7: U John F Kharshiing has discovered two boat stops at Law Lieng in Sohra Old Village, Nongkhlaw Hima. John Chairman of the Dorbar of Chiefs in the presence of Paiem Kestonbel Manik Syiemlieh, Syiem Khynnah, Sordar, Secretary Shnong, and other experts visited the Law Lieng on the 5th of this month. you're right.
In the meeting with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, he discussed the status of law and order in the district.
Because of the outbreak of the disease, the day laborers or market vendors need financial support and food.
On the other hand, the Commission has also expressed the need to build more rooms to reduce the overcrowding in the wards.
The beginning of political change will begin with the MDC elections to be held in early
Bah Metbah Lyngdoh praised the schools set up by the missionaries in the Mairang area to promote education.
The Booth Level Officers (BLOs) should announce to the public in their areas so that the public can go for information if they have any problems or needs, said Hajong.
This year, 10 people have lost their lives in accidents and many have been injured.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
There are 12 teams divided into two groups.
Dear brothers and sisters, the Khasi country is my beloved country, remember that we must take care of our country and not sell it to foreigners for one day just for our own benefit, without thinking. bless the children of my hands and yours.
It is for this reason that we have begun to get the name, “Multi-colored people,” no longer Khasi.
The state's literacy rate is also low due to the Education Policy of the Government.
“As one of our leaders said, we are deceiving every five years and the people are deceiving every five years,” he said.
CVS Reddy SP Ri-Bhoi said that after receiving a tip, police raided the Maikhuli area and seized the weapons. Police have alleged that the arrested persons are also people who used to send ammunition and bullets to the GNLA. Police are still investigating to find out the source. there is nothing to do.
This is not the first time that Bah Pynshngain N Syiem has been involved in the KHADC, as there have been protests in the past years, but nothing has been done.
The investigation will be conducted to find out the cause of the incident and to find out who caused the trouble, said Goldy Warjri and KHUHA leader R.Jyrwa.
He (Lat) did not come to the House of Representatives.
Kharlyngdoh said that the youths of the Society have been sent to train themselves in the management and maintenance of these houses as well as to know how to clean and tidy.
After this goal, the match became more interesting as both the teams fought hard and also the ARC also looked for ways to score the first goal but ARC didn't have the ball and until the end of the 90 minutes they couldn't score the goal and had to lose.
The State Govt.
According to the preliminary investigation, the children were brought from Bihar and sent to Sangli, the chief of army staff said. who have been charged with trafficking offenses.
About 200 employees of the company have staged an indefinite strike outside the GVK EMRI office in Lawmali, Shillong.
For the past 12 years, SPARK has worked for the welfare of children and to free them from forced labor and other forms of child exploitation. .
But because of what he had purposed, God did it.
The VPP has started blowing since it held a public meeting at Polo Ground to announce the two candidates for the 2023 MLA election including Bah Adelbert Nongrum. Thousands of people attended the rally, MLA Mayborn Lyngdoh from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency.
On this 74th Independence Day, we remember the contributions of Indian heroes like Mahatma Gandhi, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru and others who gave us the largest democracy in the world. world.
At the same time, it was said that those who are still alive are waiting for the news to announce the death of their relatives who have disappeared because there is no hope that they will meet again. badki or that they are still alive from this incident.
Nongstoin: Nongstoin MLA Macmillan Byrsat today sent a letter to the Executive Engineer (EE) of the Water Resource Department regarding the collapse of rice fields in Lawrapha village, West Khasi Hills. There are ways to prevent the flooding of the rice fields of the village.
Meanwhile, the NHAI Toll Gate Plaza at Lumshnong has been closed by KSU Narpuh members and Waheh Shnongs since 8 pm and said that they will not open the toll gate at all. while the NHAI has not been able to repair the road to 70 to 80 percent.
He said that the taxi drivers have given the reason why they have to charge high prices because when they come back they go empty.
Furthermore, the MDC alleged that there has been a problem regarding the scholarship of the students, which has not been looked into yet and requested the Minister to set up a committee to to take care of this issue and to help the students to get the scholarship as soon as possible because the scholarship is for the poor students which is a help for them that they can spend while they go to college.
Shillong, July 28: The Meghalaya Electricity Corporation Limited (MeECL) today directed the Meghalaya Electricity Corporation Limited (MeECL) to demonstrate its competence before the government approves it to become the capital to borrow up to T. 1400 crore for the construction of infrastructure and other projects in the state.
Synrem said that the state government will soon convene a meeting with the stakeholders to discuss and seek their views on the letter from the MHA. to create the mechanisms to ensure that this bill is implemented.
Shillong, July 18: Nongrah village, one of the water shortage villages, may be a little better after the implementation of the groundwater supply scheme.
On the other hand, it should not be blamed that the Congress' defeat in the Lok Sabha elections is due to the failure of Rahul Gandhi as its Leader and President.
The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W Nongsiej today inaugurated the Aquafest at the Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Pyndengumiong, Mairang. various government departments of the district, farmers, SHG members, teachers and students.
In June this year, the President of the Meghalaya SSA Teachers Association (MSTA) has pointed out the delay in the implementation of the SSA scheme in the State.
Pynshngainlang Syiem suggested to find ways and means to talk to the state government to discuss the share of the Council. should be received.
Shillong, Nailur 02 : Four drug traffickers including a woman have been arrested by the Meghalaya Police on Thursday night with drugs worth Rs 6 crore.
He said that the time will come when their tyngshops will be burnt in front of their houses.
The Officer said that the buyers should refrain from doing this, which is done only to reduce the availability of sugar in the market, which will lead to an increase in the price of goods.
During the investigation, they said that they were employees of Dhar Company Construction working in Ranikor and their hometown is Patna Bihar.
Mandei said they will launch a strong fight against the government especially in Ampati which is the constituency of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma.
“The idea of ​​naming 'Sngap Syiem College' is to commemorate his heritage and contribution to the Hima Maharam, where the government has also honored his heritage, where on the 30th of this month 'Every year in Naiwieng, this day is celebrated.
After being questioned from the police station, HYC Vice President Donboklang Khar Lyngdoh and HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani told reporters that they had been questioned by the police. They said that the police have asked them how they got permission to hold the rally, who supported them without money, who was involved in the government vehicles. , the stone throwing, the shooting of foreigners, who started the riots in front of the Governor's House.
“I have written to move the transformer farther away from the hospital,” said Dr Wahlang.
The District Tuberculosis Officer, Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, has distributed 9 types of food items to 20 TB patients who came on this day, including milk, rice, rice, soya. Chunks, lentils, cooking oil and a water bottle that the patient can use at home.
Dear CEM, We the residents of Khliehtyrshi Village are deeply saddened by the suspension of the Dorbar on the day of the Dorbar on 03/10/2019. suspend the Dorbar in front of the Pa Dolloi and the elders of the Shnong, until the Pa Dolloi cannot refuse to take us all out of the Hall to avoid the confusion and at this time we want and request you kumne harum: Therefore, we strongly request you once again not to postpone the election of Waheh Shnong as Pa Dolloi has already announced. From one day to another, we will work together with your Office and Pa Dolloi for the smooth running of the election of Waheh Shnong on that day.
The Prime Minister expressed his surprise that such an incident has happened for the first time in his tenure as MLA since
Answering a question whether the de-addiction program or the help to get rid of alcoholics is not a problem because he himself works in this field, Bah Sam said there is no such thing. encouragement to drink without counting but when you drink, drink with the responsibility of your family, work and income.
The coal released is 2 lakh tonnes across the districts of the state, in East Jaintia Hills – 75,000 MT, West Khasi Hills – 50,000 MT, South West Khasi Hills – 25,000 MT and South Garo Hills – 50,000 MT. The JSM, the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) and the JNC have demanded that the government should release the coal for auction instead of allowing the coal mines from Assam. , who has been infected with COVID-19 to avoid any problems.
He said that the Congress has fought this election on many issues such as employment, to curb the increase in prices of commodities. Congress.
The NEP 2020 will also emphasize the need to give autonomy to colleges, which will put pressure on the state government to control the operation of colleges and schools which will lead to the freedom of them to set prices while they It is appropriate to increase the price of school fees and this will increase the burden of the students especially those who come from low income families.
Speaking to reporters, Bah S.Nongtnger said that the incident happened at about 7:19 pm.
One of the senior BJP leaders, while commenting on the change of leadership, after the elections, more than a year ago, said, “When they have got other better ones, how can we say?” .
Jones said another earthquake measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale could strike next month.
Informing of the incident, Bah Donald Rymbai, who is also the father of the child, said that the child's food was bought from a shop in Byrnihat. Steel Saitiar opened the door and found it.
Many youths from Rambrai area have come to take part in this signature campaign to show that they want the government to listen to the demands of the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Both have yet to score.
Among the injured, two of them were on the verge of death and in critical condition.
The President of FKJGP Sengkmie, Bah Dundee Khongsit said that some candidates are not willing to speak of patriotism in those constituencies where they have to think about victory during the elections.
Foreign Minister Marcelo Ebrard and Mexican Olympic Committee (MOC) Chief Executive Officer Maria Jose Alcala have met with IOC Chief Executive Officer Thomas Bach in Lausanne, Switzerland. for this purpose.
Father Stan does not believe in bloodshed and in his struggle he has never killed or shed blood on anyone.
They are currently on their way to Taba and will return to Cairo before returning after their visit to Egypt.
While investigating the case, the East Jaintia Hills Police Station has left for Shillong to arrest Lathazuali Ralte, the mastermind of the smuggled drugs.
At the same time, he said that other parties inherit wives and children to win elections but in the BJP there is no inheritance but it believes in the rule of the people.
Para 12 A in Appendix-6, which they have mentioned and many have discussed, is the arrangement of the Government authorities, that when the same matter or issue, the District Councils, The State Government has also issued a notice.
At the end of the tournament, the winners' prizes were awarded to the U-16 and A-16 categories.
When asked to investigate, some of these youths have been married for about 4 years and some have been married for about 6 months.
Balario Rynshon, who took four overs, took two wickets while Mebankitbok, who took three overs, took two wickets.
Speaking on the occasion, UDP MLA from Mokaiaw, Nujorki Sungoh, said that the people have been stuck for 6-7 hours in the traffic jam on NH-6 and requested the Government to relieve the traffic jam as soon as possible. the budget of this road.
Mukul Sangma, MP Vincent H Pala, Opposition Leader, Jaiaw MLA, Paul Lyngdoh, Sutnga MLA Hopeful Bamon and others also attended the ceremony. This is the meeting of the KJP Eastern Synod.
Through the resolution of these three mid-term elections, the NPP has worked hard and two of its candidates have come forward to win, after the people were able to vote. sponge MLA for the remainder of the term.
The BJP has also requested the Indian government not to send more NDRF personnel to Garo Hills.
In his speech, he emphasized the importance of the three S – Samvedana (Empathy), Samvad (Communication) and Clinical Touch, in the treatment of all patients including those young people who are just starting out. completed MBBS, MD/MS & MSc.
Bangladesh army officials also expressed concern over the shooting of Bangladeshis by Indians and the smuggling of drugs, marijuana and phyndedyl into the country.
The meeting was also attended by the parents and family members of the players who have participated in the tournament.
He said that the leaders and members of the FKJGP have often found that the sick patients who want to go for treatment at Rambrai PHC, have to be transported by a person from the village. until you reach the road.
Now we understand that we are the Temple.
The JAC led by Drimshon Marweiñ, Secretary George Shangdiar, President of HYC, Runningstar Kharbani, President of FKJGP Saw-symper Circle have expressed their deep sorrow over the violence against the office of Syiem Maharam. which did not respect the soskular signed by the chiefs of the Raid Sawsymper and the Syiem of Bamonsing in 1944 which states, “that the Syiem of the Hima Maharam shall rule only over the heads of the people while Your land will be ruled by your Raid Sawsymper.
Dr. Kharlu said the fact is that the MLAs of the AITC are elected from the Congress party, but the AITC party in the state has yet to be seen in
The union expressed its gratitude to the minister who has promised to take action for the benefit of the people of the district, especially in terms of documents related to that work car.
Leaders of the Save Hynniewtrep Movement (HYC) General Secretary Robertjune Kharjahrin, CoRP President Bandary Ryntathiang, CoRP President Bandary Ryntathiang and others attended the ceremony. Through this day, they were able to explain to the people about these demands which they have put to the state government.
In fact, the two students who were selected for doctorate in the Khasi and Jaintia category who came first and second should have entered the 7th and 8th ranks of the Open Category because they still had high marks. they are not those who enter now.
The UDP has strongly criticized HSPDP leader Ardent Basaiawmoit and the HSPDP has also strongly criticized HSPDP candidate HS Shylla.
The MLAs of these political parties other than the NPP and BJP have held a meeting with other civil society groups, such as the HYC and private sector and have sent a statement to hold a meeting to discuss the issue.
“We expect electricity generation to come from other sources but this is unlikely to happen immediately.
On the other hand, the post mortem of Wandarihun Mawlong, who was suspected to have been killed in Umaiam, has been sent to the police.
The reason is – “All authority has been given to me in heaven and on earth” (Matthew 28:18).
The mission was announced as part of the Azadi celebrations of Amrit Mahotsav.
The ANVC-B through its Publicity Secretary Doang D. Shira, while expressing its surprise at the statement of the Jaiaw MDC, said, “Bah Nongrum has raised this issue which affects the people of Jaiaw. The feelings of the Garo especially those who live in the Khasi Hills"
The second deceased was identified as Shyam Charan Debberma, 23, Darjeeling Para, Rajkuch, North Tripura.
Therefore seek judgment, deliver the oppressed, judge the fatherless, plead the cause of the widow.
Speaking at the training programme, N.Mohondas Singh, Joint Director & Regional Head, NSSO (FOD), RO Shillong stressed the importance of ASI data in calculating the GDP of the country and he requested all factories for their own preparations and timely remittance of payments.
Ezekiel's prophecy was fulfilled.
Executive Member of FASToM Samla Mayborn Lyngdoh said, “We will wait for the Government's reply until the end of this month but otherwise we will intensify our protest across the state from month of June.
He also broke Siddhanth Thingalaya's previous record of 13.65 seconds set in
On the other hand, the HYC leaders after the meeting said that they will follow up on the matter by meeting with both the leaders of these ADCs to discuss the issue. to the Division Bench.
The deadline for submission of nominations is 30th May 2022 at 6 PM. For more information please contact Tournament Secretary Ma Mebanker Shullai (M)
The incident was reported to the police.
“If the people see that there is a mistake, the people can replace it with another one and if they see that it is enough, they will strengthen this party”.
The bronze medal winners were Anjali Singh in the 10 Meter Rifle – MQS (Women) and Dennyson Kyrsain in the 10 Meter Rifle – ISSF (Men-Senior).
All are urged to follow the directions of the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
If the negotiations are delayed, the collection of revenue will continue every day and this will put a lot of pressure on our farmers.
You have given me a shisha spirit.
There were several seats won by the HSPDP candidate in Nongkrem, but there were also several seats won by Bah Shylla of the UDP. In Pomlakrai, the vote of the people has turned to Bah Shylla, in Umphyrnai, the vote has turned to the UDP candidate, followed by Umphrup-Liewlong and several other constituencies. places with more votes.
“Regarding the 'video' showing the two women being nude on January 4, 2023, the police have lodged a complaint under sections relating to abduction, molestation by gangrape, murder and others,” said Manipur police.
God knows best who will repay evil with worse and more terrible things for them and their families.
That is why he did not want to build this place.
On the other hand, Hamletson Dohling in his speech said that agriculture is very important in the state for the improvement of the income of the people of the state.
In another match, the Republic of Ireland's hopes of qualifying for the 2024 European Cup came to an end after a 2-0 defeat to Greece.
Shillong, Lber 25: Nongthymmai SC won their first title in the Shillong Premier League 2023-24 by beating Nangkiew Irat SC 2-0 in the first leg of the 2023-24 season. SSA Stadium, First Ground, Polo, today.
On the other hand, u Sniawbha in his speech said that since the beginning of the election campaign there has been no problem and he congratulated the Presidents and Secretaries Units within the 72 villages who have joined hands to support the election. He and the attendance of the supporters today is the responsibility of everyone.
The suspect was identified as Avale, 25, from Suthozu village in Phek district.
“The rules have been prepared after consultation with the relevant department and soon the rules will be implemented,” said the CM. first class magistrate or superintendent of police of the districts.
According to sources, the delay in joining the BJP may be due to the fact that the President of TMC Meghalaya, Bah Charles Pyngrope, did not want to join other MLAs to join the party. The BJP (BJP).
On the same day, the Mawlangwir Sports Club also honored some of the youths from the village who took part in the Meghalaya Game 2022 in Shillong and who won the title. you're honored.
However, in Lum Jaintia, he said that only a few people have such a large land but most of them have only a few land less than 1 hectare.
“The people of the state want to see the truth about the Government's will.
Regarding the letters sent by the union to all the district authorities of Ribhoi district, from 1st November 2022, in which the Hima Mylliem through the office of the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, The Deputy Commissioner, Ribhoi Revenue has sent a letter to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Ribhoi Revenue requesting them not to accept any NOC, regarding the sale and purchase of land by these fake Garo Rangbah Shnongs. The letter also states that all government departments in Ribhoi should no longer accept these NOCs. “If found, they should lodge a complaint with the office of the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima,” said Bah Dohtdong.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong said that the SHDC will be headed by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma while the Chairman of the State Executive Level will be the Chief Secretary. The Commissioners will be the heads of the District Level Committees to implement this new program of the State Government.
Replying to a question, the Minister said it would be a heavy responsibility for the State Government if it had to implement all the demands of the teachers.
Babu Bajubon Kharlukhi said to me, "If that is the case, what is your opinion?" I replied, “The best thing, in my opinion, is to change from 'the lizard' to 'the lizard'
In the midst of the conflict, the brutal killings and the invasion of civilian lands, every Palestinian citizen and Jew has the right and duty to achieve this. the prophecy of a new Heaven and Earth and to live freely in their own country, to live together and grow together, to respect and honor each other.
The incident happened on the 5th June 2022, when a young man allegedly stabbed a young woman who was on a video call. Six persons have been arrested on charges of involvement in spreading the image of the girl.
After the Election Commission has given enough time (up to 40 days) to us voters to prepare well with prayers to ask for clarification from God because the power comes from Him, only a few days remain. to vote on the 27th of this month from 7 pm to 4 pm.
“The Dorbar Shnong also urges the law enforcement agencies to do their utmost to monitor and curb crime in East Jaintia Hills in order to maintain peace and order. in every village and community.
Shillong: The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) on Tuesday decided to meet the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik to discuss the issue. Speaking to reporters, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said, “At this meeting, the CLP has decided to meet the Governor of Meghalaya. to talk about the MRRSA, to stop people who want to enter the state”.
Imran Khedawala and other MLAs met Vijay Rupani at his residence in Gandhinagar today.
The death toll has risen to 278, bringing the total to 37,7
The election in Sohiong has been postponed after the sudden death of the UDP candidate and former Minister HDR Lyngdoh on 20th June
They are now equal on points with Mawlai SC who drew 1-1 on 23rd October.
So far, Ms Laloo said STEMS has received 455 registrations and more than 250 parents have sent questions to learn more about the operation of these school buses.
Chanki Langbang has been elected as the Dolloi of Shangpung District. Hatmin Lyngdoh Giri has been elected as the Dolloi of Shangpung District.
The MCSDC is ready to submit a demand to the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma to force the government to grant a civil sub-division to Mawsynram which they have been demanding for 20 years. now.
Precioustar Sten in his welcoming speech congratulated the award winners and said that this award should not be compared with other colleges because this is the beginning and in the coming years they will be able to achieve their goals. this program can be expanded and enriched.
Our moon mission is also based on this same approach for the benefit of all mankind.
“Mizoram has gained a reputation in the conduct of elections and when I searched I found that in Mizoram all the educated people, who have become more enlightened, have come forward to explain to the people. “The need to participate in the elections in a clean and free manner,” said David.
In West Garo Hills, there are 13 cases including 2 cases from Cherangre Cluster, 9 cases from High Risk, 1 case from ILI and 1 case from Screening.
After the programme, Birla spoke to the media.
Palak shot 241.5 in the final to beat Anuradha Devi by 3.4 runs in the gold medal race.
The CAG also found that non-tax revenue from 2016-17 to 2020-21 has declined by 23.65% from Rs 685.24 crore in 2016-17 to Rs 523.17 crore in 21.
He was also the manager of the India U-23 team in two matches.
Therefore, it would be better for Pynshngainlang because the time is too short, besides not being from RK, it would be better for him to support and encourage Pius of the UDP than to come and stir up trouble.
Reading out the decision taken at the meeting, the Deputy General Secretary of the AIADMK, KP Munusamy, said that the BJP leaders in the state, in the past 10 years, have been promoting the State leaders like CN Annadurai and J Jayalalithaa, and also criticized the working methods of the party.
Therefore, I would like to inform you that I have already directed the Fire Service Wing to submit all the information and recommendations to the Government and after we receive this, I will convene another meeting. .
The MDA 2.0 has the support of 45 MLAs, 26 from the NPP, 11 from the UDP, two from the BJP, PDF, HSPDP and independent MLAs.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar (SKDEJHD) in a statement sent by its leaders, Teras Dkhar, and Adh.
Russian troops now have 127,000 heavy weapons near the Ukrainian border after peace talks with the West collapsed.
At present, there has been no article in the newspapers in the state that there will be such a curfew but according to the information received by this reporter, it is understood that although there has been no article in the newspapers. However, the residents have received information from other sources that there will be a curfew and it is understood that the markets and the movement of the residents will be closed this time as in previous years.
This is the government's responsibility.
Replying to a question by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, MLA from Nongkrem constituency, Sangma said that according to the Ministry of Home Affairs, there are up to five parts of the security forces. Yellow Book' which outlines the provisions for the protection of people.
Cash Awards were also distributed to the athletes of the state who have won medals in various competitions.
Teja fell after 14 runs, while Shah reached 38 runs in partnership with Punit Bisht, who tied against Sikkim for 41 off 27 balls.
Sister Felicita Toppo was born on November 23,
JHTOA members found the truck at Tuber Shohshrieh, East Jaintia Hills and immediately returned it due to the protest of the factories against the decision taken by the JHTOA. The JHTOA is against such trucks to transport goods produced in the state and district because if these trucks are allowed it will affect the income of the truck owners especially those who drive trucks.
James K. Sangma has been in charge of the electricity department since the beginning of the MDA government in 2018, including the home department, forest department and others.
He said that the government will not evict the land dealers without providing them with land to continue their trade and besides this the state government has to follow the laws of the government. National Act regarding the welfare of land owners.
He said that it is useless to wear a tie or a suit because they cannot speak but it depends on the person.
At this Mela, 380 people benefited from the check up and 204 people received Digital/Unique Health ID cards and Ayushman Card. Three beneficiaries, 24 have received covid-19 injection, Group Discussion among school children, explanation on how to eat healthy foods The body especially during the pregnancy and also explained the importance of knowledge.
