Weighing participants on the 2nd November, 2023 will start at 12 noon.
The defeat of the nine prominent Sengbhalang leaders of the jaidbynriew and their low vote will show clearly that the people of Ri Lum Jaintia do not trust the Sengbhalang leaders and accept them as leaders to the JHADC. .
“When they are in the midst of anxiety and depression, he urged them not to keep it to themselves but to share it.
“The rape of the two women happened after the village burned down and two men – an older man and a child – were bombed to death by the mob," the said the group.
The final of the Recurve Men individual was held on Saturday (24th June) where Mrinal Chauhan of Punjab University Patiala led by Pawab won the gold medal. Jaswinder Singh of Punjab University, Patiala won the silver medal.
will strengthen our working methods and expand our services,” said Nandan Mall, Chairman.
The CSWO said that according to the reply from the PIO, the inability to release the result is due to lack of funds.
When inquired, the women said that the price of textbooks is as usual except for copies and they have increased only enough and not enough to say that they are too expensive.
The union said that there are many other schools which are in better condition than this school.
Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers on 6th June, the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) candidate from Pynthorumkhrah constituency, Bah Mayborn Lyngdoh, said that The people have appointed him as their leader and the top priority he has expressed is in the field of education to allow children from poor families to attend school free of charge under the Right to Education. Act, 2019 and also expressed the lack of scholarships for the students which has led to delays in the management of this money for the students.
Justine Dkhar, Local MLA and Local MDC Laski Rymbai were the chief guests in the presence of Violet Lyngdoh, MDC Rymbai and Sein Raij Tuber leaders.
Expressing his concern over the spread of drugs, HYC Vice President Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh said, “It is sad that there are many drug traffickers and drug users in Shillong who have been able to walk on the streets”.
After Jesus ascended to heaven, He sent the Spirit to dwell forever in our hearts and He dwells in the Church as well as in the personal lives of believers.
Don't say that the villagers can't get this disease anymore but they should follow the decisions of the government.
“Some received the oil in a bottle with the seal removed and others received the oil medicine in a bottle with only half the medicine.
East Khasi Hills has 136 cases and Diengsiar Mawkliaw Cluster has 3 cases, Golflink Cluster 5, Health Worker 3, Jalynteng Cluster 3, Jyllishop Nongthymmai Cluster 5, Madan Nongneng Cluster 4, Mawkhar Cluster 4, Mawpra Cluster Pynursla Cluster 4, Mawshamok Cluster 3, Mylliem Madan Ingsyiem Cluster 3, Nongmynsong Cluster 3, Police 4, Rynjah Cluster 3, Thembasuk Cluster 3, Umpling Cluster 6, Upper Shillong Cluster
There was also a mismanagement of the kitchen equipment of these workers, in which some policemen had thrown out the food, utensils, water and other items.
These courts must be attested by a gazetted officer or they must be accepted by a school, college or office.
According to the Minister of Forests, the government cannot build this department at present because it needs a lot of money to pay the salaries of the employees besides the office requirements.
The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar has launched an annual cleanliness drive on the theme “To fight against COVID-1
In fact, there are many Khasi-Jaintia who are big traders and they say that in fact the government should have invited them to express their views on why the railway is needed. the area.
However, to turn to the hospital, to immediately meet the urgent needs of the hospital in the area, so that the doctors, staff and patients can get a better health facility, such as and other health centers in the state.
You have written above that a Khasi woman who marries a Dkhar will lose her children, inside you say that the law prohibits the marriage of a Dkhar, in fact it does not prohibit the love of a Dkhar. shongkha dkhar, but it will not give st if they do so, you too have a dkhar husband, you are a son of a shipiah, remember if you marry your daughters to a dkhar you mean that you are cheating yourself and To all Khasi men, it means that the Khasi man doesn't have to work because your daughters have to marry foreigners.
We see the news every day, that there may be another third wave, the third wave of this virus, in Delhi, in Gujarat, in Maharashtra, we see that they have spread again.
These rules have been put in place to protect the privacy and independence of the indigenous people living in these areas, he said.
It is after such people have experienced the newness of life that they understand the responsibility of dignity and morality and wait for the help of God who empowers them to live a righteous life through spirituality. , the kind hands of fellow human beings and the government.
The MSSDS has registered about 9000 trainees and nearly 4000 trainees under Skills Meghalaya alone and aims to empower the youth of Meghalaya through various skills. .
Jowai, Jymmang 02: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District together with the District Sports Officer (DSO) today celebrated the 75th Anniversary of Independence of the country. The North East Festival, 2022 is a race known as the 'Marathoh-Cross Country Run'
Referring to the number of households, those who have been placed in the Micro Containment Zone include one factory (Rapsang Group of Industries) in Umiam, many households including the house of Thiorida Shadap and Dahunlang. Ethios Shadap, Ethios Shadap, Rophina Kshiar, Everest Thapa, Ethios Shadap, Rophina Kshiar, Welder Thangkhiew, Nongthy Rijel and La Bishnu The micro-containment zone will be operational from the 11th to the 21st of this month.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Polin Lyngdoh Marshillong expressed his gratitude to the District Animal Husbandry Office.
Nongstoiñ, June 7: Nongjri Village, Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, about 19 kilometers from Riangdo, has a Secondary School established by the Catholic Church since 1990s. Rev Fr Stephan Lamin is the Parish Priest of the area.
Like the mining of uranium, the coal smoke affects first of all those who burn and those who live and work there.
Among the various parts of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills, the Bhowal Hima is one of the Khasi Himas which the Assamese have tried to invade for help.
If you are tired of reading one subject, you should read another subject and you should decide for yourself how to prepare a book because if you prepare a book, it will explain to you.
“Therefore, I request the people who have returned from outside the state to please cooperate with this decision of the government and request you not to return to the state from the 1st to the 7th of each month of from November to November,” said Bah Tynsong.
The Dorbar Shnong Caroline Colony on Friday announced the campaign rules for the candidates for the Jowai Constituency.
He said that in those years Mawsynram did not have a village, but a man named Synram used to go to market in Hatmawdon and when he returned from the market he built a house in one place and Gradually, people began to call this place Mawsynram which has lasted to this day.
This is the spirit of the law.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Hima Mylliem today completed its annual religious services at Iewduh.
Five of the six dead were women and many of the injured were women.
According to the President of the KSU, this death of fish has happened in the past years especially at this time but it is surprising that the government has not taken any action.
We understand that many of the leaders of the state are terrible at dreaming, but they lack the ability to achieve them and therefore, they end up in dreams.
He said that through this inspection, it was found that there are many students from the state, who are coming from other states of the country. They were advised to stay alone and avoid approaching people or relatives in the area where they live.
In these days, Motphran has become one of the market places and there is no law to regulate the traffic.
Shillong, June 16: U Bah Synshar Lyngdoh, MLA of Sohiong, was sworn in today.
The opposition members strongly opposed the introduction of this amendment as it was not timely and demanded that the government should implement it until October 2019 to expire the MDC term. “I don't know how to take action against the judiciary and the time has come and if we don't do it now, when else will we do it,” he said. too.
Replying to a supplementary question by Sohra MLA Titosstarwell Chyne, Bah Lyngdoh said the government has extended the term of the GHADC for six months because it has an agreement with the ANVC. The government has taken all necessary measures to bring peace in Garo Hills,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Gratia is a handyman while Halbert is a tall sput and plays football like a back.
Those who have received Aadhaar number can also come and if anyone wants to get rid of this number, it is very good that they should be present on this day at KNDH to discuss how to do it. Shillong, March 22: Immediately after the mid-term MDC elections of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), HDR Lyngdoh MLA Sohiong Mawphlang MLA Kennedy Khyriem, who is also the Minister of State for Home Affairs, will campaign against the defeat of Mawphlang MLA Kennedy Khyriem in the 2018 MLA elections. because of Mr. Kennedy's campaign against his son.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: Shillong Traffic Police in Shillong have conducted a search operation against overloaded vehicles and vehicles without proper documents.
The JYF has urged the government and the district administration to immediately shut down these illegal factories and demanded an investigation into this illegal activity.
“If you have the talent, what good is it if you don't have the opportunity to reach the world and for me, the obstacle to reach the world is because I come from a poor family who doesn't have the money to bei for the cost of this recruitment trip," she said.
The Federal Government is committed to improving the healthcare infrastructure in the North East and providing quality healthcare services to the people of the region.
For the construction of this office, Bhoirymbong C
I have first-hand knowledge of what those jobs are and I know many people and individuals and as citizens we need to talk to everyone.
Dr. J.N.Shullai
The victim alleged that the Dolloi Nartiang, Hepsing Dhar, who is a kobiraij or a pharmacist, had committed the crime at her mother's house.
In Pool-B, Mizoram beat Nagaland 4-1
We also remember that Ronghang, regarding the incident in Mukroh, had spoken harshly and insultingly even though he felt that the position he stood on was right.
Even the office of the SDO which was allocated for Patharkhmah has not been implemented yet.
The order came after the All Dimasa Students' Union and the Dima Hasao District Committee of Assam lodged a complaint with the Tribunal on 2nd June alleging that the mining of coal in Jaintia Hills has polluted the Kopili River. It is bordered by Assam and has become acidic.
The introduction of the Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1988 (PITNDPS) is the best time and the government should immediately set up an Advisory Board so that the provisions under this Act.
On the same day, a letter of resignation was sent to the President of the MPCC. The reason for the resignation of these Congress members is after the announcement of the candidate for the 6-Khliehriat Assembly Constituency without consulting them. block officers.
After the expiry of the deadline for the company to work, it left and took away all the equipment that was still available for use.
(ii) The second Mawjam is the work of the work : Young man, have you been in the work? Is your job enough for you to keep your home comfortable? Will your children be enough when they go to school? Let us first receive the work which the elders have done.
According to the challan, the BSF said that the truck was supposed to transport 300 byrni of rice but they found that there were only 220 byrni of rice and phensedyl.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader and MLA from Songsak constituency, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday responded to the demands of several groups who said they want a prime minister. “This is not a question about the ethnic group that the Prime Minister should come, but it is a question for the people from the three ethnic groups to come and join hands for the sake of the country. good for the welfare of all in the state”.
A total of 33 Border Security Force (BSF) personnel have tested positive for the coronavirus in the past 24 hours.
The rich got richer, the poor, got poorer.
"The Minister arrived in Agartala on the 5th of his three-day visit to Tripura where he met with various groups and reviewed the steps to improve the skills of the people in the state. state and make presentations to the public regarding linkages to markets, skilling of people and employment opportunities.
It is for this reason that in Khasiland the thieves, the robbers, the devils, the drunkards, the murderers, the rapists are Christians.
Nine persons including women, men and a child were injured in the accident.
“We urge the people of Meghalaya to join hands to support a united India without any discrimination or religious discrimination,” said Bah Kurkalang.
Unfortunately, many of us have yet to understand this truth.
The plaintiff's lawyer, Advocate Sujeet Dey, said that besides the stadium, there have been two other stadiums in Garo Hills which have been allegedly inadequate.
The MLA said that he has already spoken to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh for the upgradation of Pomlum PHC to CHC for the benefit of the people of Pomlum PHC. region.
In another incident, an attempt by robbers to set fire to a government vehicle in Shyiap area failed after police were quick to arrest it.
Shillong, November 14 : U Minister of Health and Family Welfare and General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP), James K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Trinamool Congress leader Mamata Baneerjee's refusal to pay 1000 tyngka per month to women in Meghalaya is not a ploy to disrupt the elections.
After this, Remark Kharmalki, who came on the ball, struck the ball from the corner, but his attempt went wide and went wide.
It is to be recalled that the teachers' protest is that the government should increase their salaries and increase them from Adhoc to Deficit.
We know that the creation of the RPDB is just a waste of public money,” said HYC General Secretary Roykupar Synrem.
Bah Rudi gave an example that his children should no longer enter that category because he as a father has had many opportunities to improve his children whether it is in education and other opportunities. for them.
He completed his Indian School Certificate from St. Edmund's School in 1971 and graduate from St. Edmund's College in 1976. He also studied International Studies at Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi.
The union also requests the government and the Meghalaya Rural Bank to take action and help the children of the manager so that they can live as in the past.
Dr. A War said that the poison from Amanita Phalloides affects the liver and this can lead to death if eaten too much.
This is the understanding of the senior leaders that has reached Punjab, which is about to prepare for the elections, but Capt.
Through this programme, about 5,500 entrepreneurs and more than 200 startups have been supported.
Rangbah RL Kharpran immediately spoke on the need to establish the Kur organizations in the south of Ri Khasi and to strengthen the Longkur Longkha.
The drug traffickers, who have been confirmed to have fled to Punjab, have been involved in the operation with robbers in the US and the Philippines, police said.
Your skin will be different and cleaner as soon as you finish.
However, what we cannot say is that MOST OF US RESIDENTS THAT THE INCOME THAT THEY HAVE EARNED HAS BEEN LOST ONLY ON THE INCOME. hand to look after the issues of the residents of the state because they are the leaders who came to the people of the state to request to elect them to be the guardians of our SHON.
He served as Rangbah Shnong for 55 years and later as President of Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD) for 35 years.
The KHADC dorbar recently took a decision to strongly oppose the UCC which is in the process of being dissolved by the Government of India.
On Friday, robbers kidnapped a student of Angel School, Mawbah-Shillong. In the first incident, two robbers had already attacked near the school of the student. After school, they went to talk to her and said that her mother had called her and she was waiting. When the child entered the vehicle of these men, she understood that it was a kidnapping and cried out. The driver of the motorcycle at that time followed the vehicle. the robbers took the child.
We believe that many of the residents in Meghalaya do not come forward to check because of fear.
He said that this incident shows that Bah Lahkmen has failed completely as the Minister of Home Affairs.
Nongstoiñ: The Siejlieh Youth Association (SSSS) in collaboration with the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC WKHD) in collaboration with the HYC WKHD, today commemorated the murder of (L) Daritngen Syiem. The day was marked by the lighting of mombati at two places, Nongstoin Market and Siejlieh.
When vacancies are announced in DSC or MPSC for a post with a salary of less than 30,000, hundreds or thousands of youths come forward to apply for jobs when they have to sit for various examinations to get a job. to the work.
The Minister said that he will also take up this issue in the second session after the passage of the Budget of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
Rupang today spoke to an MDC of the HSPDP who went to meet with the party and in the meeting u Bah Morningstar Mawsor said, “We went to meet because we saw that the HSPDP CEM has taken good issues, we support his issues, we don't demand anything, but in the speech the CEM has told us that he will give one EM seat to the UDP, one to us. and one for KHNAM,” said Bah Morning.
Nongstoin, June 10: The construction of the 6.2 km PMGSY road from Athiabari to Umshiak village on the Meghalaya-Assam border has been suspended since the raid by the Assam police.
(LUMPL) to purchase various machines for use at the PHC for the convenience of the patients.
About T.1 crore will be spent on the marketing of sying, the construction of a sying storage facility for sale to the public and others.
Commenting on the actions of the National People's Party (NPP)-led MDA Government, the FASToM leader said, “The Government has taken away the honor from us teachers.
He said that some people have complained that the leaders have taken to the streets, but it is not true because the MLAs are elected by the people because the party has to think about the problems of the people.
The reason why the residents were not allowed to hold the Dorbar was because they said that it was a Dorbar convened by the Assistant Secretary, Bah John Stelin Youroi. to appoint a full secretary and not an assistant secretary and this has been done since the time of the Kulong Kumah.
PD Sangma has been promoted to Shillong and appointed as Joint Secretary, Textile Department.
Besides Greece, it has been found that the Iranian militant group intends to attack many other countries, especially neighboring countries.
Bishar was awarded the Man of The Match award after leading Moodymmai to victory.
So far, only Meghalaya and Sikkim have not been affected by the virus.
The statement said that as the supporters and the people, they have no knowledge of the news by a person who does not identify himself as Wanphai Dkhar and the people of Rambrai themselves do not recognize him.
In this election manifesto, the NPP has highlighted the works that the MDA government has done in the last five years in the state and those that will be done.
“If it is true that the money they take to distribute to the people, the people will have to pay as it happened during the Congress rule and they will have to pay with interest. “They should be careful not to take this 5,000 because it is a debt that they will have to pay back,” he said.
Sony Kharjana, Advisor of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union, has slammed Ampareen Lyngdoh for forgetting herself as a mother and for not thinking anymore. She also asked why the State Government can spend up to Rs 9 crore on medicines for those drug users who want to destroy their own bodies but has not yet. to provide selfless ASHAs for the children of the poor in the villages.
He said the EC should direct the Rangbah Shnongs to inform the Council and the Government authorities about these refugees.
The group handed over the donation to Rimabila by Reverend Dkhar from Mawngap Lumparing who participated in the donation.
“The VPP urges the committee to take six months to complete this task,” said the VPP leader. Syngkon also congratulated the CM for fulfilling his promise to set up an expert committee to review the policy.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: POWERGRID, Shillong, has launched a month to raise awareness among the public on corruption.
The destruction of the city of Jerusalem and the kingdom of Judah was so terrible that even though the liberation from Babylon had been nearly a hundred years old, the Jews had not been able to rebuild it.
However, it was at 5 pm, that two young men came out and walked straight to the house, where there were about 150 elders and claimed to be themselves. who burned down the house of worship.
The State Mandal has not yet taken a final decision on whether to nominate a candidate or not.
At 10:30am, the choir from Moobakhon, Shnongpdeng, Laitlyngkot and Rattacherra Youth Churches and in the afternoon service, the Standing Choir of Mowtyrshiah Youth Church. KJP Eastern Synod from the Delegates and also from the Mihmyntdu Church.
From time to time, the Assam Police have been investigating the construction of the bridge.
They started walking from near Sanker on the land of Rumnong to Law village Mawpat.
This action of this officer, has caused revenue loss to the Government.
In the interview, Cornelius explained about the band, saying that in the past 40 years, they have been playing metal songs and they want to introduce them to the public. They took this decision in 2019 and since then, they have changed the name of their band to 'Khasi track 4 metal' They have changed the genre, there has been a change, in which there are four more musicians who have already participated with them, who is known as Lancaster Mawthoh (vocals) and the group He said that it is not an easy task to translate metal songs into Khasi music.
This qualification for the tournament is a great victory for the states of the region as well as for Meghalaya.
He said that the CM wants to stir up the minorities in the North East by introducing the Citizenship Amendment Act
Ka North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health
Shillong, November 27: The CSWO has strongly condemned the allegation that a child has been used for prostitution by an MLA of the state. Child Rights (SCPCR) which has acted in a timely manner to protect this child.
Four of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills, two from East Garo Hills and one each from West Jaintia Hills.
He said that after the arrest of the cow, the mother of Eusebia Kharbani went to take the cow but on the 26th there was a fight with Phabiang Kharbani. The brother came to shoot his own sister and this shooting was no longer a warning but a punishment and he was shot like an animal.
Perhaps there are many explanations on the subject, “Why the Khasi and Garo give birth to their children to the woman”, depending on the information of the authors.
The President of GSU-WZ, Jappindro M Marak, has written a letter to the Chief Engineer of the National Highway requesting him to appoint a team of inquiry into the construction of the road. company.
Therefore, all the BPL women who are eligible to benefit from this scheme are urged to apply for this Free LPG Connection from M/s Ailang Gas Agency Nongstoiñ.
O R Shallam December 19, 2021 The state allocation is indeed a system of allocation that benefits the indigenous people of the state, the indigenous people of the three ethnic groups namely Khasi, Jaintia and Garo in the state.
Pynshngain also criticized the state government for passing the Prevention of Disqualification (Amendment) Bill,
In this regard, the KSU has also sent a copy of the letter to the MLA Khlehriat who is also the Minister of State to take action to provide electricity in Wapungskur.
From this gas, the fire goes out if there is no oxygen.
In recent months, the Congress Working Committee (CWC), the highest committee of the Congress party, has witnessed many delays in the Congress rule until Ghulam Nabi Azad has proposed to resign from the Congress.
Houses, even if they are made of wood and skum, are places of rest, shelter and protection from the rain, wind and sun.
He said that the crowd that had stirred up that night, did not allow even the elders of the village to stop the incident.
When I started writing news in 1988 and until the 1990s, I used to choose the big news to be about these leaders, because if you write about them, so the issue on that day will be the market.
It may be recalled that last month, many of the vendors in the square especially in Motphran, Bhoi parking lot inside the garage have been able to spread and sell their goods, but suddenly and on the first day they were allowed to sell.
Don't be afraid of the little ones.
The President of the Mawshbuit Taxi Owners Association, Bah Riwinroy Kharbuli, said that the meeting with the Chief of Assam Rifles was to express their protest against the fact that for more than two months, the Taxi Owners Association has been blocking the road. of this parking lot in Mawshbuit.
He said that the introduction of the GST has affected the people because only to buy top top and phun has been cut off and the Khasi have not been paid income tax which has never been done before.
PSA beat Panaliar 3-1 and FAM beat Kseh Sylle Ialong 2-0 in the quarter finals at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai on Tuesday. .
Shillong, Iaiong 21: Five houses were destroyed by a heavy cold weather in Mawlyndun village, Pynursla, at 2 pm today. which were severely damaged, in which the tin roofs of the houses were destroyed, because of the cold, which was as big as a wheat.
All men and women are invited to take part in this race.
Shillong, November 21: The Pommura Youth Wing on the 18th of this month, has held a public awareness campaign on the dangers of alcohol, drugs, child marriage, HIV/AIDS at the Dorbar Shnong Pommura. Students from Catholic School, Presbyterian School, Presbyterian Church, Catholic Church of Christ Youth Service from various churches, school teachers, residents, parents, youth, FKJGP Pommura Unit.
Before concluding this article, we would like to ask a few questions and they are: How long will the government see the corruption of the coke factories? How long will the MSPCB ban these cokes that violate the CTO rules? How long will the coke owners wake up to the fact that their coke has cursed their own children? How long will those who are fooled by coke owners (whose conscience is dead) realize that they have been bought by foreigners one day?.
The%20%20told%20that%20%20%20leaving%20%20the%20%20%20year%202012%20year%20 20the%20name%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20of%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20fall%20fall%20fall%20fall%20f %20to%20Sonia%20Gandhi%20who%20wants%20to%20to%2033%20to%20to%20to%20to%20to%20seat%20to%20to%20%20to%20%20seat%20to%20from%20Congress%20to%20%20to%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20 %20is%20only%20news%20apply%20tickets%20from%20%20women%20to%20women%20from%20%20%20%20%20of%20%20%20of%20constituencies%20but%20%20news%20to%20 %20of%20to%20from%20to%20from%20to%20from%20%20from%20to%20%20of%20name%20of%20from%20Methodius%20And.
The Principal Secretary, Health Services, Sanjeeva Kumar has called an emergency meeting today to find out the cause of H1N1 He arrived in Assam from Allahabad on 23rd June.
Shillong, July 2: The KSU-South West Khasi Hills District today honored two Khasi students who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations
On the other hand, Vennetta Kharsyntiew and her husband, Bah Oristar Jala, said that this allegation against them is not true.
“We trust them and hope that when they win they will remain in the party,” he said, adding that an agreement without the law cannot be made.
His speech on this occasion has been of great benefit to many especially to the students of this college.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, today said that the MCCL has not been able to produce dewbilat for many months. The State Government, which has allocated about T.190 crore, to run a Joint Venture or to close down the factory immediately.
From 10th to 13th November, UCO Bank has noticed that due to the IMPS failure, some people who have accounts in other banks have sent money to people who have Account with UCO Bank, but no money was received from those banks used by the people to send the money.
He was born and raised in Nongrim Nongladaw. He was educated at Little Flower Higher Sec.
BSF personnel patrolling on the India-Bangladesh border in parts of Riwar Pynursla area, when they saw people trying to cross the border, chased them away. .
“The victory of Bah Synshar in the Sohiong Constituency election is to strengthen the party.
In the second half, Donlang Kharsyiemiong (29min) and Novidance Jonsoi (57min) scored the second goal for Lumpyngngad SC. Laitlulong SC scored the first goal of the match (34min).
At the same time, the RBYF has expressed its surprise at the government's decision not to take over the land at 19Mer, because according to section 4(2) of the Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in The Raid and Hima rulers have not yet received any information on this intention of the government.
Therefore, the Hima invites and welcomes all the children of the Bri u Hynniewtrep to take part and witness the uniqueness of the country and the nation.
Wallang said that besides the funds received from the Basin (MBDA), for the completion of this project; The State Rural Employment Society (SJS) has also implemented the Mahatma Gandhi Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme.
The award ceremony will also honor the elderly who have reached the age of 80 years, both men and women and those who have reached the age of 100 years.
On the other hand, the President of the Longkmie Seng, Kong S Lyngdoh, said that the VDPs of the village have tried to eradicate the evils in the village but Banisha has been coming from time to time. the village and the village should take strong action against the person.
Mizoram scored 163/6 in 20 overs while Meghalaya scored 143/7
Nongpoh: Association of Auto Rickshaw Owners and Drivers under the umbrella of Nongpoh Region Auto Rickshaw Owner
Students from 40 schools including Sibsing Memorial Government Higher Secondary School, Anderson Higher Secondary School, St. Peter's Higher Secondary School and KJP Synod Sepngi Higher Secondary School took part in the competition. Joel Gatphoh Memorial Higher Secondary School, St Francis Higher Secondary School, Umyiap District Higher Secondary School, Christ King Higer Secondary School, Ri Lyngam Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Pastorate Laitkseh Higher Secondary SchoolThe program was conducted by The SDSEO of West Khasi Hills is L.Syiemlieh.
The Seng Khasi Kmie's special participation in the Behdienkhlam is on the basis of the celebration of India's 75th Independence Day and 50th Independence Day.
He said that during the visit of the Chief Minister of Assam and the CEM of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council to Shillong recently, they discussed this issue to be brought up again at the border talks to be held in March. Take a decision on how to proceed, and after that you will go and meet with the people in the border area.
He also recalled that the party has been fighting for the introduction of ILP since 2014 and said that the party has called for a protest against the government of Mukul Sangma at the Khasi National Durbar Hall Mawkhar. There is no ILP in the State.
It is now 50 years since we got our own State and in the midst of our journey we can see that we are still far behind in terms of skills and ability to do various jobs especially in the field of development. the growth of the State.
This philosophy believes in the new God of development and in the name of development does not hesitate to destroy the environment, to destroy and turn rivers, to destroy mountains and forests, to turn flee and impoverish people.
In the end, the land owners rushed to the DC offices of Assam, where they received nothing without payment of days or money. to Mauriceus.
The Executive Committee also approved the proposal of the Council to hold the Monolith Festival at Khasi Heritage Village, Mawphlang in November this year in collaboration with the Tourism Department of the State Government. to the world the customs and traditions of the nation from the houses, the clothes, the music and song, the food and others.
Bah Adelbert said that the church leaders should have tied the bells of their churches to see the change and happiness. said the law of the Government.
Explaining on the allegations of corruption against the MDA government, Prestone said that anyone can raise any doubts among the people but if they have the truth they can go to the authorities. law.
We have also received other letters from the Secretary, Government of India, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Nirman Bhawan, New Delhi-1
Pastor Iarington is one of the Khasi writers who has made a great contribution to the Khasi literature, Khasi culture and the Khasi language.
“This makes it possible for us to share in the divine life led by the Holy Spirit and not by the flesh.
In South Garo Hills, 2 high risk contacts are from Jadi Bazar, in West Garo Hills, 15 cases are from Jadi Bazar. Phulbari and 7 members of the Armed Forces.
The closure was from Datlawakor Stand War, Siat-thong Stand, Ummulong Stand, Shangpung Stand, Moosaphir Stand to Indica Stand.
Jonathone came second in the 2013 MLA elections and has been threatened by the GNLA militants, who have threatened those who support Sangma.
The total number of cases has risen to 2,121 and the death toll to 1,4
JSM Publicity Secretary Deijuhhi Siangshai said the JSM strongly condemns the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma for ignoring the demand of the taxi and tourist drivers' unions to increase the price of petrol and diesel even after the meeting. The protest lasted 4 days.
Shillong, November 13 : The HSPDP MLA from Sohiong Constituency has finally decided to leave the HSPDP, the party which he won as MDC and MLA in 2018 and is now preparing to leave the HSPDP. I will join the new party in
Shillong: There have been 1,123 new cases of coronavirus in Meghalaya today.
" That's why we get to exchange from one person to another without any excuse, because they're just friends.
However, he said that for those who wish, they can come to the office of the party from 8:30 pm until the time they come out to register their names.
These works have been awarded to CCL International Pvt Ltd.
Furthermore, the members of the meeting agreed to allow all parties to campaign.
It was witnessed that after the heavy rain on Saturday, the river was covered with plastic waste of all kinds and it is dangerous for human beings to use the water of the Myntdu River.
The entrance is narrower but when you enter, it is large and there are ponds that reach a few feet deep before reaching the large room.
In a meeting with Bah Staising Kharbteng, Member of the Executive Dorbar of Lyngiong Hima, the present Lyngdoh of Lyngiong Hima, Bah Hamphrey Ryntathiang and other Hima elders, said that the age of the Lawkyntang is The Lyngdoh of the Hima Lyngiong Lyngdohship of the Ryntathiang Kur who is the Chief Ruler of the Hima together with the Executive Dorbar. Hima Lyngiong which includes besides the Lyngdoh, the Ministers of the Shangpliang and Swer clans, the Rangbah Shnongs and the prominent elders.
To ensure that the ejahar has been filed, the Sur of Mawlai residents including various political parties and the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun have met with the police of Mawlai Police Station to investigate. The complaint lodged by the relatives of Bah Che Thangkhiew has been lodged by the police.
As the days go by, the judgment becomes stronger.
The soldiers sustained minor injuries and were taken to Pynursla CHC for treatment.
Therefore, he congratulated and congratulated the awardees and the retired teachers.
We believe and hope that his hard work will bring victory and will be an honor to the district, the State as a whole and congratulations also go to Kevin John Khyllait who will accompany him. Mairang, Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
The decision was taken after the Sengbhalang held public meetings in different parts of the four districts of Lum Garo after the various political parties refused to withdraw their candidates. that which is the bar state.
“The Look Act Policy should no longer be just looked at, but we should move forward to show it by action, and known as the Look Act Policy,” he said.
This idea should have been going on for a long time or perhaps, since the beginning of the corona virus; However, due to political reasons, or self-confidence, this government has worked from side to side and has worked only with the Rangbah Shnongs, because perhaps it is easier to work with them. The Rangbah Shnong, because she can order as she pleases, then that they take their own money, they take their own people and even if they pay only T.5 or T.10 thousand, they have not complained.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has strongly condemned the decision of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) to ban the mining of coal in the state. you country.
“The Minister said that at the meeting they found that there is no fear and that the people should not be afraid.
While the students held a rally against the release of Afzal Guru, the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and the BJP students protested by writing to the JNU authorities not to allow him. that they should hold such a meeting on the grounds of the university.
In addition, after a few years of growing strawberries, he started making wine from this fruit and other types of fruit, including black berry, peace fruit. Nonghlaw sohphoh, and other kinds of soh that grow in the forest.
Das lives in Chaigaon in Kamrup district.
Taking herbal medicines does not affect the health of the user but strengthens the immune system and cures diseases.
The Danish club announced that he was admitted to Aarhus University Hospital on the 20th of this month with a critical illness.
According to Rilang Nongkhlaw, on the night of 27th November 2017, the illness started to worsen and Damas Nongkhlaw was taken to Nazareth Hospital for treatment.
How can we love God? You don't have to explain it.
Referring to the issue of MUDA, she said that the government has suspended the operation of MUDA within the boundary of the District Council. and if a new EC comes, they will arrange all the necessary measures.
However, when asked whether his remarks could lead to conflict and civil war in Pakistan, Sanaullah said the war has already happened in all parts of the country and there is no peace. in Pakistan because of the presence of such leaders who do politics only for personal gain.
Up to 93767 people have been infected in the past few years but 92159 have recovered.
Perhaps in that theocracy there is no place for us who are short-sighted.
How can the same person have two Khasi tribes? How does the law speak to this otherwise controversial practice? These acts misrepresent our identity as a nation which was established on the basis that the Khasi children should take their jait ka kynja only from the mother who gave birth to them.
To rob or to attempt to steal the weapons of the CRPF is not courage or bravery but courage or pride because of the lynshop of Khawiang.
Nongpoh, July 06: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS), Ri Bhoi District, has organized a program to provide opportunities for the students of Ri Bhoi District. The Yuva Utsav was held at St. Paul's Higher Secondary School in Nongpoh on Saturday.
However, this too was achieved with the unity of the Sengbhalang of Ri Lum Jaintia who strongly opposed the proposal to hold a Public Hearing.
Umphyrnai Presbyterian beat Umpohliew Jingtip HSS 4-1
Jowai, March 16: The Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) Jaintia Hills, under the leadership of its President Yoosar Kynjing, today evening welcomed Sawakani Lakiang at the Jowai-Shillong road.
Tymmen is no longer useful.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Hek said, “In 2024, we will not say anything else, because there will be no elections in the country, no more elections in the country. “The BJP is still strong,” he said.
It may be recalled that on the 23rd, all the equipment including 50 beds, various machines, were brought by two trucks and taken to the Mawkyrwat Hospital.
Therefore Israel has to fight many battles now and in the future.
There are 50 people who have been treated for mucormycosis and 60 people are still waiting for treatment. They have been admitted to the hospital in the past three months, Savani said. lose your sight.
He said that the vehicles carrying petrol and diesel to Meghalaya are the lifeblood of the petrol pumps to deliver petrol to the people of the State.
The Special PMLA Court in Kolkata on Tuesday rejected the bail plea of ​​former West Bengal Chief Minister Partha Chatterjee in connection with the corruption scandal. school, where she said he was a frontline and influential figure who could have compromised the investigation process into the incident.
He alleged that this government has looted the wealth and money of the people in the past 40 years and therefore it has no right to rule in the state.
The Prime Minister, who replied to assist the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that even the food allowance of these elderly people from last year is still valid.
“The Government has taken measures to increase the number of IAS officers in the state by providing training to pass the examination for those who wish to sit for this examination,” he said.
However, these government employees in the state alone are only about 80,000 out of about 30 lakh residents of the state.
The Church has expressed its concern that the implementation of the UCC may deprive members of the indigenous people of these special rights. The Central Government has urged the Central Government to implement the UCC especially despite the recommendations of the 21st Law Commission in
Speaking exclusively to Bah Nathaniel Rymmai, he said that in this election to be held on 10th June, 2023, it is like contesting his father (Bah HDR Lyngdoh).
Two young martial artists from the state, Blaseibok Kharbuli and Pynnehbor Mylliemmngap, won bronze medals for India at the IFMA Senior Muaythai World Championship 2022 held in Abu Dhabi from 26th June to July 4 dates.
These valleys are completely different.
However, the district authorities have sought more information and after collecting information from all those who attended the registration, it was found that there are 80 cases of the disease. First, there will be no infection of up to 95 people from one place.
This award ceremony is a sign of respect to the former village officials for their contribution to the society.
If the Office of the Principal Accountant General (A
It is to be recalled that the last public hearing convened by the MSPCB was on 21st November 2020 which resulted in injuries and there was also a shooting in front of the police to disperse the Sengbhalang. DC office in Khliehriat.
The Khasi Disabilities Association (KHA) has strongly condemned the Congress candidate from Sohiong, Bah SWOsborn Kharjana for his speech which has affected the people with disabilities. he must apologize to them within 24 hours.
Police have also seized the vehicle used by the gang and the investigation is ongoing.
According to the information received by the union at Shillong Press Club, there are 38 peons in the district council and out of these 38 peons, only 11 or 12 have completed the examination. Furthermore, the Public Information Act stipulates that employees holding the rank of Superintendent, Many of the Supervisors have completed their Matriculation degree, while those who hold higher positions such as Secretary to the Executive Committee, Joint Secretary to the Executive Committee are still studying at PU. still studying for BA and have not yet graduated.
The%20from%20in%20to%20%C3%AFhind%20%C3%AFa%20the%20development%20of%20the%20%20%20%20development%20of%20%20the%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20Record%20%20and%20 20Bureau%20(NCRB)%20ha%20India%20,%20la%20face%20in%20%20%20in%2060%20minutes%202%20%20%20%20%20%20women%20%20%20%20with%020%20 20with%20from%207.2%20%20when%20%C3%AFa%20compare%20%20with%20%20%20years%20from%20last%20.
Arki said the MFA has decided not to hold the state futsal championship with 16 teams and divide them into four groups. Preparations for this tournament are underway and it is expected that in the next few days we will be able to know more about the teams that will take part in this tournament to be held at NEHU. Arki said the decision to hold the National Futsal League came after the MFA had already submitted its proposal to the AIFF. syndon in order to improve the quality of futsal in the state.
Today's society is plagued by many kinds of evils, especially drugs and others.
Saurav Ghosal won all the matches, Abhay Singh, Joshna Chinappa and Tanvi Khanna won 3-1 each.
From Guwahati Shasi was arrested from Manipur.
There are only Muslims in China bazaar.
Replying to a question, the Minister said that any vehicle whether private or government vehicle but carrying illegal goods will not escape from the hands of the law.
AAP Meghalaya spokesperson Iuklit Uriah said the party intends to contest in all 60 constituencies in
When speaking, it is enough because the pronoun 'trai' abbreviates the 'a' as in English; it is not the owner who pronounces the 'a' which has two meanings Kynrad and Tbian.
In the morning he went out into the countryside and into the countryside.
Fifa has decided to allocate such a stadium here in Shillong on the basis of construction. I won the title of “Win ​​in India with India”.
“Therefore, we want to understand and visit and talk to Assam that these villages who want to come to Assam are surrounded by Khasi and Garo villages and it would be good that they too should fall under Meghalaya,” he said. added.
At the same time, the Deputy Commissioner said that the District Administration is ready to call and listen to talk for cooperation in this regard as the traffic jam has affected the people. , and it is through understanding that problems can be resolved.
From 1948 AD until today, Israel has increased and grown rapidly in all aspects.
Therefore, he urged the youth who are in school that their education is useless if they don't know how to take care of the environment which gives us all these things to live in this world. and it is also necessary that we first understand the need to preserve what nature has given us and we too must live freely not in selfishness but in selfishness or thinking.
Thanks go to Science and Technology which has tried its best to bring happiness to mankind around the world.
The survey will be extended to Shillong as well,” he said.
Anyone who knows or sees him is asked to contact
Do you need a road maker? (Policymakers) Because openness is soft power.
These are all the candidates accepted by the UDP Election Committee in Meghalaya.
There were also SPs from these three districts along with government officials.
At present, the world price of oil is about $41 per barrel.
She is currently preparing for the Haryana Civil Services Examination.
The recipients of the forms have confirmed that they will receive it.
The union found that more than 12 foreign workers from Assam did not have labor license or work permit.
There is one Rangbah who dared to say that the Autonomous State is a full state but not a fully separate state.
Besides, the JAC through its Chairman Bah Lasting Pala and Secretary Bah Love You Bareh said that the condition of this road has been widely reported through the media and has reached the point of being destroyed. The High Court of the State will have to intervene.
According to the school authorities, the school has celebrated the National Science Day as part of the efforts to encourage the students to participate in science education.
“Due to the NPP-led MDA 2.0 Government, the party has decided to hold a protest on the 17th of this month,” said Dr. Batskhem. .
Nongstoiñ, Lber 4: The Fisheries Department of the Government of Meghalaya, under the leadership of AL Mawlong, MCS, in the presence of LG Marboh Kharmih, MCS, DB Kharwanlang, Joint Director of Fisheries, Meghalaya, Assistant Director of Fisheries, Bah PS Tariang, together with other officers and employees of the Fisheries Department, on 1st October 2024, opened a fish storage facility in Myrïaw village falls under Mawthadraishan district
After this, with the assistance of the village authorities, the police conducted a thorough search and arrested five out of the seven suspects, while three were under the age of
After this, Bah Rapsang requested the government that as the land has been used for health purposes, it should not allow them to stand for other purposes.
He said that the Speaker of the House should have informed the members of the House in advance that the Governor will speak in Hindi, so that what happened today in the House will not happen. the courtesy of the court.
After the programme, a discussion was held between the doctor and the students of St. Xavier's, Umoid, South West Khasi Hills. if you use kwai and tobacco.
We should congratulate the FKJGP and its members who have collected water samples from these places and sent them for testing so that the people know what kind of water they get from the Public Health Engineering Department ( PHE) of the state government.
Dr War said that Jotimoi Shah will be added to the list of deaths tomorrow.
She said that the government has promised to appoint investigation teams into the incident, but these have not come to fruition.
Not only that, but the union has also decided to monitor the Umsning Mawhati Jagi Road and that is to demand that the government should upgrade it to a Two-Lane or National Highway.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Marconi Thongni urged the Government and the office of the Syiem of Mawïang Hima, who owns the market, to They have decided to repair this road immediately without delay and to throw stones and shyiap on this road just to facilitate the traffic of the people through this road which is about 1 kilometer long.
He said that they have also conducted a search operation and increased patrols around Shillong for the safety of the people and to curb any riots.
Alicestar Thangkliew scored the goals.
Josper S Dura (Taken from the magazine 'KA PANSARA' of previous years published by (L) Ma Justman Kharmih, Jaintia Hills, Jowai).
I am not the one who says this, but it is the market talk.
Shillong, Naiweng 12: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) does not have the authority to register land within its jurisdiction due to lack of law.
“The bailight they have been installing for many years has cost billions of rupees, and I have been looking for them since they started the bill light which has cost billions of rupees on or 7 months, and we also request them to come and pay their light bill so that we can continue to provide electricity to them,” he added.
North Liberty HSS and Kiang Nangbah HSS have qualified for the final of the District Level Subroto Cup organized by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District.
The new office bearers of the HSPDP in Umsning Constituency include Bah Nicky Kharthangmaw, one of the former Congress leaders in Ri-Bhoi Constituency. HSPDP Umsning Constituency: KJ Suhktung Vice-President, General Secretary Banlumlang Nongbri, Organizing Secretary Donkupar Riang and Finance Secretary SK Nongsiej.
“Football in India started after they were older but now from an early age.
But now.
The government has also focused on ensuring that all students receive the best possible education in appropriate educational institutions.
This great white judgment will be needed for those who were not resurrected in the first resurrection.
In a statement to the State Government and the Government of India, the KSU said, “We are ready to shed blood, to stand by fire or blood and even to take up arms if demanded. and if the Government authorities wish to exercise authority in this regard.
On the other hand, the Umroi MLA said that the government should look into issuing announcements, not just announce without thinking of the farmers, this is unacceptable.
“The construction of the road and the well in these two places has been slow and we have found that lum shyiap has been used instead of um shyiap and the ground has not been cleaned,” said Marhok. He also alleged that this implementation is only for the benefit of the secretary himself.
Shillong: Krang beat Risa Colony 2-1 in the 3rd Division match today.
They were also informed about the penalties that may apply to those who do not comply with the rules contained in these orders.
Jowai, Nailar 14: The School Managing Committee of Lumtyngkrain SSA LPS, Thadlaskeiñ Block, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday held a celebration to celebrate the Independence Day of India. Advance Independence Day Celebration 2023.
Avoid eating ready-made foods.
The surveyors and Karbis still don't know where this Umsati River is and so they just point here and there. Why don't they know? Because they are not the owners of the village.
My mother told me that if any of her friends liked or loved a young woman, they would go and stay together in that house.
SCA-A won the toss and elected to bat first and TDCA scored 110/1
“Ka Seng calls upon the Government, MLAs/MDCs and all Government officers to please investigate and think carefully on this issue and take a responsible decision whether the vacant land will be affected. How are you as a State? What kind of future do we want for the youth and the citizens of the State? Have those lands in Khalai brought good or increased evil deeds or are we happy just because we don't collect a lot of revenue from them?” said the HYC. to hear the decision of the majority before implementing this Act and to suspend the three licenses issued.
During the meeting with the Governor, one woman said that the father is the head of the family but the mother is the heart of the family.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) has immediately denied reports that the party will be dissolved in the state and will join the party. National Peoples Party (NPP).
Agricultural activities.
Personally, I think we have done well in all aspects.
The world is now witnessing a huge turnout in the United States in the 2020 elections.
Shabong is one of the eight MP candidates contesting the election from Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
“We need a discussion and it should not just end with saying to fix this recruitment quota, but we also need to discuss because we are fighting with other ethnic groups who are with us and we cannot leave but we need to discuss in such a way that it should be appropriate between us," he said.
Therefore, on this basis, the court concluded the hearing and considered it a false complaint.
Rangbah Herman Nongrum was pleased with the wish of Rangbah Nishan B Wahlang who used to be the Editor of the Khasi newspaper “Ka Sur U Paidbah” and later “Pateng bynriew”.
After what we have seen in the past, we as the citizens, we are eager to have a new political party that can spread in all the districts of the state of Meghalaya.
“In the MLA election, no one came to help us campaign from the Congress leaders in Ranikor but we won,” he said.
On the other hand, he said that those companies that install towers if they do not pay the electricity bill, will be cut off completely.
They said that their salary during the past 15 months is T.3,09,10,000 including from the Employees Provident Fund (EPF) which usually contributes 12 percent of the salary of the employees and also from the government. now the government has not given them their rightful share.
'The reason why children are involved in such crimes is because many of them are misled by watching mobile phones. They should immediately inform their family members and report to the Police Station and should not be collected until medical tests have been conducted to get proper evidence.
The Indian Administrative Service (IAS) was established in 1893 and at that time it was known as the Imperial Civil Service (ICS). ha Lal Bahadur shastri Academy of Administration, Mussoorie.
The house was inaugurated by Father Joe Pareira, Founder Trustee of Kripa Foundation in the presence of RM Kurbah, Secretary, Emy Kharshandi, Ri-Bhoi District Social Welfare Officer, Ri-Bhoi District and others are old men.
Hek said that after reaching home, he sent for doctors and this morning he sent for doctors from Civil Hospital Shillong to do the TrueNAT test. you have been infected with the Corona Virus.
This is very wrong.
This was informed by the Commissioner
Six years later he opened three Elpi schools in Mawsmai, Mawmluh and Sohra in
Assam Rifles Public School and Umphyrnai Presbyterian SS have reached the final of the U-14 District Level Subroto Mukherjee Football Cup. on Friday.
However, we still have hope and I have already phoned the General Secretary of the party to arrange for the talks and I think Bah Embhah is also ready to come to the table,” said Bah Titos.
Let us examine this answer of this officer.
The point I want to make here is about the glory of God through our lives.
AA Shullai, MDC JHADC and Assistant Governor Rtn.
On Leslee's complaint that some schools have sent new books and do not accept old books, Dr Laloo said that if there is a complaint to the government, the government will take action. it is necessary to punish those who do so.
It is important to avoid as much as possible the thynñiang of chickens in one household or chicken coop.
From this temple in Jerusalem Satan will rule the whole world for the second 3 and a half years of the Last Day or 7 years.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Mawroh is grateful to the Syiem for taking the time to visit the village.
The construction of the market in Laitumkhrah under the Smart City project will be completed in June,
A comprehensive overview was presented highlighting the progress of various development projects, challenges faced by the Government and its achievements.
In the bad days, he spoke for the people of the country and took to the streets and in Parliament as well.
U Bah Jyllud has been arrested several times for robbery and robbery of people's homes at night to rob and rob women who are still asleep.
Most of the villages in Eastern West Khasi Hills will fall under the Nongstoin constituency for the MLA election while for the MDC election, they will fall under the Mawthadraishan constituency.
Then he asks more questions.
On the opening day, there were 150 dancers and on Sunday, 266 dancers came to take part in the Shad Suk Mynsiem.
The match was held at Mawlai Stadium and SAI Centre.
In the morning they will take these trees back and plant them in their respective villages.
Besides, Bah Bisharlang also gave group tasks to the teachers so that they can understand more about the children and the task they have taken on.
Meanwhile, the mid day meal workers also demanded to increase the honorarium from T.1000 to 5000/- and to pay an annual salary of 12 months instead of 10 months.
In the match played at Sundargarh Stadium, Odisha on Tuesday, Meghalaya beat Odisha Women 3-1
Speaking to reporters, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said that the departure of four Congress MDCs and the suspension of Pynshngain N Syiem from the party has shown clearly that This is the Congress.
At the same time, the Circle invites the Dorbar Shnongs, Seng Longkmie and Seng Samla of different villages in Mawlai to cooperate so that we can fight against this. KSU Mawlai Circle said that the KSU Mawlai Circle has been threatening the nation through the youth and children.
The MBA has also announced the list of players from both the Shynrang teams.
Police have immediately conducted an investigation into the incident.
However, he said that the change could be the strengthening of the Congress party.
If they find that water pipes are broken on roads, streets and other places, they should inform the SE office or the muster rolls appointed in their villages.
One month they praise, another month they don't turn away, it's like breaking their own language or custom.
Furthermore, the need for soil testing, seeds, fertilizers and information on various farmer-related schemes reaches farmers through various groups in an irregular manner.
Amlarem, June 18: The Office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), i/c Amlarem Civil Sub-Division has informed the public that the State Commission and the District Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (SDC) have been appointed. which are fully functional.
The Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun requests those who post these pictures through social media to apologize immediately for insulting the village and its residents.
One of the most interesting games is “POLITICS”. In which this game is the most important of all because it is a game to build society.
For example, until 2019, only about 1000 farmers have benefited from Lakadong shynrai but through this Mission, there are now about 13,000 farmers who have benefited from this shynrai.
The President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said, “It is useless to send a resolution to the Government of India to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. Constitution of India, but what is needed is that the Legislative Assembly should start speaking and explaining in Khasi and Garo during the sessions.
He said that the KSU has been informing the district authorities of Meghalaya from time to time to resolve the issues since the incident was small but because they did not take action, it has led to the incident.
Nongstoiñ: The Deputy Commissioner of WKHD, Bah T.Lyngwa, on Tuesday confirmed that the construction of electricity in Umwali village of Langpih area will be resumed soon. .
Manager Accounts.
At a meeting of the JD(U) leaders including many top leaders and Ministers held last night, they decided to announce their alliance with the BJP. within two-three days.
Shillong: The deaths from covid-19 in Shillong on Friday are Mino Nongkhlaw, 50, of Pomlum, Upper Shillong, Keshab Prasad Sharma, 66, of Raj Bhawan, Shillong. Noah Mawlong, (96) of Weimynsier, West Khasi Hills, passed away at home on 14th November 2021; from Mawmih Tree, East Khasi Hills.
The Seng would like to thank the doctors, nurses, lab techs, ambulance drivers, road cleaners, volunteers, volunteers, police and Dorbar Shnongs who have participated in this event. problems that have affected society.
In the celebration of Christmas Week, the leaders of the Seng Samla Sohkyndur, organized various games, which entertained the children and youth in the village and at the end of the programme, the The competition was held in Rwai, Shad lem and many others.
“On the part of the KSU Narpuh Circle, we are sorry to see this death of fish, and we say that this happens from time to time, the waste that flows, flows first in the Lunar River. Therefore, the Lukha River will become polluted and the water will become bih and the small fish will die. The government has decided to take action against this death of fish, and now we have to take the decision to lodge a complaint with the government authorities, at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District. “The district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District, in the past years, have been investigating the cause of the death of fish in the Lukha River. The District Mineral Funding Trust ( District Mineral Funding Trust ) has implemented the River Rejuvination Project at a cost of T2.5 crore. Scientists from Trinity International Implex Delhi, found that the cleaning of the Lukha River, which has become polluted, has been successful in which fish and aquatic life have been present and The project has been successful, but it is not known why the river has been cleaned by algae. KSU Narpuh Circle and Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society (STEDS) have expressed their desire to preserve the Lukha River and the river. The Lukha River attracts tourists from all over the country, as well as to promote tourism in the area. The district authorities shall take action to preserve the waters, rivers, environment and natural resources in the area.
He also congratulated the 37 other MCS graduates and wished them success in their lives in whatever they do.
Isawanda, who was formerly the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, was transferred from the post in July this year and appointed as the Director of the Community Department.
From this time on, the Raid Mynsaw took over the Khadar rule.
The tournament was enriched by the participation of 17 schools in the marchpass, along with songs and dances by the youth of the area.
Why is it so different? The reason is that many of those who get corona survive, while those who get cancer die.
The kidnapper was rescued and an air pistol used by the kidnappers was also seized.
At present, the court has declined to comment on the matter as it has not yet taken any decision on when the Roster System will be implemented. talk about this mat.
Shillong: The Chairman of the CoMSO on Saturday sent a clear message to some people, who criticize and say what to do with the ILP when there are District Councils, the Land Transfer Act, He said that when they lack knowledge and vision, don't explain wisely and he is ready to discuss with them on this matter.
At the exhibition at the Jal Jeevan Mission on the theme, “Water Conservation”
We don't want our parents to stay with us without talking to our beloved mothers and fathers,” said the minister.
The match between the two teams was more competitive due to the strength of one of the teams, Kith United, in the first half. Samson Nongrum scored three goals in the 3rd and 37th minutes and Milancy Khongstia in the 32nd minute.
Look at the road from Shillong to Dawki.
People like Kong Joycy are the pioneers to achieve and promote Atmanirbhar Bharat.
Even in the most peaceful areas in Nartiang, the polling was smooth and smooth.
Nongpoh, November 17: The Nongpoh Parish Catholic Youth Convention on Sunday closed the 17th Annual Youth Convention which started on Thursday last month.
What is this short story in the book of Genesis? Babel was not the origin of mankind's sin or rebellion against God, it was not the origin of the languages ​​of the world, and it was not the beginning of the dispersion of nations around the world.
The meeting with the Sports Minister was on the development of sports in the North East especially in football.
And one of those occasions appears in the story of the feeding of thousands of hungry people (Mark 6:33-44).
"The welcome from the club and the fans makes me happy and that's what makes me want to do something for the new club," Lukaku said. the first as a Roman citizen.
Nongthymmai SC beat Nongrim Hills SC 1-0 on Monday at MFA Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
The next day, Saturday, while he was waiting for a taxi, he saw a Riia beating him.
He also referred to a recent letter sent by Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman at a press conference in Bengaluru.
The 2023 election will be interesting due to the political turmoil in the past three years.
He also defeated Sikkim Democratic Front (SDF) candidate Som Nath Poudyal by 7,044 votes, while Poudyal received only 3,050 votes.
The Dorbar Shnong has also invited HANM to meet with the village leaders, but they did not come and so the Shnong in consultation came out today to explain to the public.
There shall be no wrath or jealousy...but there shall be no wrong, no mercy, no injustice in judgment.
Maybe if there was a new system where you could just give it to anyone.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (NYF) today met with the Addl Magistrate, Bah Tremi Shadap, after receiving a complaint from Bah Embhahlang Shadap, regarding the closure of the Scooty and vehicles are no longer allowed to park at Bimola.
Don Massar said he will not attend the NPP meetings in Pynursla constituency where his wife Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC Nongshken constituency is also the candidate of the NPP. The PDF will contest against the NPP's candidate for Pynursla MLA Prestone Tynsong.
It was observed that many awareness programs were conducted on the harmful effects of drugs and it was observed that in many such programmes, concerts, explanatory performances and so on were conducted.
The Border Security Force (BSF) on Tuesday seized 37 cows from the East Khasi Hills border, which were intended to be smuggled from India to Bangladesh.
“This refusal of the Jowai Municipal Board to collect garbage is after some people opposed the garbage collection in Mynkjai which has disrupted the garbage collection system of the Jowai Municipal Board,” said Ma Andrew in a letter to the Jowai Municipal Board. DC Ma Andrew also recalled his meeting with the DC together with the Waheh Shnongs of Jowai on October 26th this year to demand that he should use his powers as district chief to allow the JMB. to continue the spread of garbage in Mynkjai.
There are also those who teach in schools and colleges.
This happened at 2:30 pm on Monday morning before the start of the curfew called by the political parties in the state to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP). in Meghalaya.
“We will come back to power in the upcoming elections under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma,” she said.
I give credit to civil servants who are not opposed to this, but we know it is very difficult for them.
He said that he had tried to move an adjournment motion on the Roster System, but the government had rejected it and he had also moved a resolution on the Reservation Policy. He said that it is now clear that these two things he said need to be looked at again.
On the other hand, Meghalaya Editors
However, L Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh, founder of the HSPDP, and Pastor PBM Basaïawmoit together with the state political parties, opposed and fought against the mining of uranium.
This road has caused a lot of concern to the residents of the border area who have to travel every day through this road to Ranikor, Mawsynram Shillong and also to Nongnah and Nongstoin, as the landslide can collapse again at any time. period.
The earthquake shook about 201 kilometers from parts of North Mataram in Indonesia and about 518 kilometers inland.
“The MLA of Nongpoh has often talked about the flooding of the road in Nongpoh but now the flooding has decreased as the NHAI has already constructed some parts of the culverts that carry the water to the areas. I don't know what to do," he said.
He said the government has accepted this and the increase will take effect.
When the ideas have been expressed and the ideas have been expressed on the basis of customs, it has been found that often even a small group has been produced to establish their ideas on the basis of different customs.
“We have not received any information that Bah Ngaitlang will come to buy tickets and we cannot say because there is still time,” he said.
We suspect that there is a serious corruption,” said the FKJGP leader. We strongly condemn this negligence of the Government and the Sports and Youth Affairs Department should pay compensation to those injured in the collapse. “It's a good idea to visit the football stadium in Polo today,” he said.
Mawrie said the party has already selected 10 constituencies in Garo Hills, which can bring victory to the party. ahead.
The state government will pay T.4 lakh to the families of each of the deceased.
Therefore, a clean marriage will endanger our small nation.
On the 18th there will be a bonfire and the World Cup will be shown on a giant screen and on the evening of the 22nd and 23rd there will be a concert, group dance and songs. Christmas DJ, on the 24th there will be a Christmas Carol and the Orchestra Band from Sakhaiñ Village will play at 6 pm.
But if you don't, you'll lose a lot of grain.
The appointment of Langi as Rangbah Shnong was made in accordance with the provisions of the Dolloi, Sirdar and Waheh Shnong Act Leo Laloo was issued as the interim Rangbah Shnong of the village on the 24th of this month.
Five people were killed in the crash of a helicopter belonging to Leicester Football Club owner Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha. the pilot of the helicopter and the follower of the pilot of the helicopter.
According to the book of Genesis, “But Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord” (6:8) and Noah's ark had its own story and good news.
“However, today I am pleased to open this specially built road for funeral vehicles and also the footpath where the people will no longer have to walk on their hands during the rainy season. ," he said.
Bakur Section (Dowki).
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association, Bah AL Hek said that after the meeting with the Association, it has given its opinion on the issue. The Minister and his department should test all the fish in the area where these products have been imported from any state and not only from Andhra Pradesh.
However, the decision of the state government to hold the Meghalaya Gams here in Tura cannot be ignored, as this is the result of the speech of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. He promised the youth that from now on, the light and the spirit of love for sports will continue to grow in all parts of the state and to be held every year.
However, the Directorate of Health
He has recently left the center and committed this crime against his children.
Expressing the need to bridge the shortage of specialists, staff and equipment, the AITC has promised to set up new Medical Colleges and to provide quality health care across the state.
It is also pleasing to hear that the improvement, including the double laning, of the Umsning-Mawhati-Sonidan road is progressing steadily.
Shillong, June 23: Two persons were killed and two others seriously injured in a blast in Nongumsur village near Nongjri (Borsora) on Tuesday.
The final quarterfinal match will be played on 19th March between Byndihati SC and Tpepswer SSWO. Shangpung Lumiawmuchai beat Khimusiang 3-2 on the opening day of the Super Division Football-U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy. Shangpung Lumiawmuchai took the lead by three goals in the first 13 minutes of the first leg of the tournament.
He published this book after receiving permission from the University to complete his Ph.D.
Former Mowkaiaw MLA Robinus Syngkon, who contested the MDC election from Raliang constituency, has won the election by defeating Bison Roy Iano.
He said there was a sign that the elderly woman had been killed by a blow from the head.
People who are involved in this job have spent their time, days, physical energy, money just to get this pleasure in their lives and this is the fact that this job it is also one of the types of jobs where people earn a living or we can say that it is their job that people support their families through this type of job.
The two patients and their companions have appealed to the Karbi and the Assam police to allow them to go to hospitals in Meghalaya to buy medicine and treatment, but their request was ignored and they were sent back to the hospital. B.Shadap from Lapangap said that the village has been affected by the heavy rain and wind.
All are equal before nature.
Participation on this day will be limited to those who are required to perform the religion and those who have been selected and invited to attend.
In a letter sent by the Prime Minister, Hek said that the joint venture between Niman Nigam Limited of Uttar Pradesh and Badri Rai Company Ltd has caused a huge loss to the state especially from the collapse of the state. of the Dome.
He urged the residents to accept that this water scheme belongs to them, not to the government and to take good care of it for the benefit of the community.
In fact, the meeting was scheduled to be held at the football ground in Laitryngew, but due to the heavy rainfall in the morning, it was postponed to the main road.
Khliehriat July 19: It is a matter of great concern that many parts of the road in Narpuh area have started to show more signs of collapse and some parts have collapsed. There are signs of collapse on the highways in Kuliang and Ratacherra, which has caused panic and fear among the people.
Receiving BJP soap means that you are clean from all sides and there is no need to be afraid.
The Mylliem Hima has banned the slaughter of cows for two months to protest against the Mylliem Hima for allegedly holding a daily market at the cow market in Khanapara. They said that the market should be held only once a month and the daily market allows the smugglers of cattle to Bangladesh to buy cattle every day.
“If you are willing to come and sit down and discuss but if you are a thief you will destroy the state.
This is the only statement issued from Shillong, while the name of Bah Sanbor Shullai, to contest for the Shillong Lok Sabha seat, has been announced by the party in Delhi, signed by Jagat Prakash Nadda. The committee was attended by Central Election Committee President Amit Shah, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other members.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Brap Nongbri who was the EC Member of Khrang.
Shillong: The Union of Village Authorities of Mawkynrew Constituency today wrote to the Minister of Agriculture, Meghalaya, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh to open a market in Lad Smit for the farmers to sell their produce. of rep.
Pyndap Bang, a youth of West Jaintia Hills District, has died in a road accident on Monday night.
Police patrols are continuing in the area to control the situation and prevent serious clashes especially after the incident of arson.
The Advisory Board was also formed with members including Bah Prosper Ryntathiang, Bah Bright Ryntathiang, Dr. John Sailo Ryntathiang and Hammphrey Lyngdoh Ryntathiang.
:Three men have been suspected of being involved in a crime, in which some of the angry residents of the village have gathered and shot and beaten these three men and this happened in Rangsakona of South West Garo Hills, which led to the death of these two men on Friday night.
At the same time, she said that such violence is because men, whether young or old, look down on women because they are weak.
Charles from Rangshken has joined the Congress party instead of HDR Lyngdoh, the incumbent MLA of the constituency.
Leaders of the States and Departments of the Seng Khasi and Seiñraij Leaders attended the ceremony.
God told Moses, “This is my name forever, and this is the memorial of me to all generations” (Exodus 3:15).
The visit was also attended by the Village Leaders, residents and members of the Garo Students Union from Ri Bhoi Zone.
The meeting discussed the issue of where the officers should go and this will be discussed,” he said.
The Assam Rifles defeated Mawpat.
Those who after 50 years will be able to enter Bollywood, all the singers have to face difficulties because without difficulties because without difficulties they will not be able to enter or achieve the goal that we want. I don't know why I used to want to be a singer or a playback singer. I don't think I'll go to Mumbai.
She urged the authorities in charge of the TSC (Total Sanitary Campaign) to take action.
Nongstoin, Naiwieng 25: U Bah Diosstar Jyndiang, u Bah Diosstar Jyndiang, has paid tribute to Maieid Hoping after winning the mid-term elections in Nongstoin. go and lay them on the tomb of Maieid Hoping.
Those who go to sleep with him will be accused of robbery.
At that moment her mother came out and tried to calm them down.
It was from 1984-85 onwards that there was a village split and it was in 2017 that the elders decided to bring in only one Dorbar Shnong.
Seventeen people from Arunachal Pradesh attended the ceremony in Delhi.
The Meghalaya team has 20 players and managers with Brolington Warlarpih as captain and Kenstar Kharshong as vice-captain.
In Mawphlang, the house was inaugurated by the MLA of the area who is also the Minister of State, Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
Of these 47 cases, 7 cases are from West Garo Hills, 6 cases from East Garo Hills, 3 cases from Ri-Bhoi, 30 cases from East Khasi Hills and one case from South West Garo Hills.
It is prohibited to break in the rivers any idols made by hand or by the authorities on the grounds of protection and prevention of the breaking of the rivers from the pollution caused by the spread of idols. to public places or streams.
The incident occurred while the HNLC members were on their way to Shillong.
Some of the expected outcomes of the parties and candidates are to gain power in the state.
Cash prizes, trophies and trophies were also awarded to the winners. The first prize winner received T.5000, the second prize winner T.3000 and the third prize winner T.2
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) has helped to send 80 poor children from Class I to Class XII to school by spending all the necessities at the school.
The Gerbera tree was planted on an area of ​​1500 square meters at a cost of T.41 lakh.
Speaking to media, Conrad strongly condemned the attack and said that the investigation into the incident is ongoing to arrest the perpetrators and punish them according to the law.
“Whether it is in MHIS or the construction of roads, employment opportunities for the youth and all these we will put forward,” she said. I trust the Congress party and don't doubt that the Congress party is dead”.
The corona virus in the state is a very secretive matter, in which it is not only possible to tell whether the patients are men or women, or whether they live anywhere else. your name).
She encouraged Shlem to continue these voluntary services to the poor families so that it will be a true blessing to them.
In the second leg, Laban beat Nongrim Hills 1-0 with one goal scored by Khrawkupar Tamu in the 80th minute.
On the other hand, Guidingstar Suna scored the first goal for Mukhla Raij SC in the 28th minute. Mukhla Raij SC beat Mynthong 1-0
The MPBC has congratulated them before they leave for the tournament to be held in Mumbai with words of encouragement and hope that they will return home victorious.
In the world, there is a fierce conflict between Russia, Ukraine and the US, but in space, astronauts drink from their friend's water. regardless of whether you are Russian, US citizen or from any other country.
The counting of votes is underway for the Karnataka Assembly elections.
The court has also made it clear that it will take into consideration the case of Ma Lber Laloo, which is on the decision to lift the ban on coal mining in the state. “Therefore, the other complaints will be looked at in another manner,” the court said.
Speeches were also delivered by Dr. Marco, Bah Marseile Kharbani, former Rangbah Shnong Darius Syiemiong and others.
Spiton recalled that in 1976, during the Congress meeting in Guwahati, Assam, it built two houses of Indira Gandhi, known as, like Indira Guest House No.1 and No.2.
At the same time, the party together with other political parties have suggested to the Government to set up a special committee to look into this issue.
This action of the police is to prevent people from leaving their homes and the stinginess and cleanliness of some people which can endanger all the people of the state.
The KSU, FKJGP, RBYF, CSWO, AJYWO, HNYF, JSU and GSU among others took this decision after the talks with Mukul Sangma failed.
“The shooting of our brothers and sisters in Mukroh is unacceptable to the KSU and we cannot forget the blood of our brothers and sisters. We urge the residents of Mukroh to prepare their sword and spear because we can no longer trust the Assam government and we no longer trust this government. He said that the Meghalaya Police in Mukroh did not protect the people but fled instead of firing at them. “This incident has shocked us that we should not sit idly by but we will show our actions,” said Bah Suchiang.
The newly elected leaders of the party include the President, Samla Bluenisha Nongbet, Vice President, Gabriel Nongrum, General Secretary, Krialda Sylliang, Assistant Secretary, Khrawbor Kharkongngor, Treasurer, Nishalki Iakai, Advisor, Dr. Verity Markhap, Auditor, Cornelius Laloo and included 9 members of the Executive Committee.
The indigenous people of Meghalaya have a close relationship with the land.
The report also directed the state government to shut down more than 1000 coal mines.
Bah John Kharshiing, today, visited Mawdem area and had to stop his car at Warmawsaw and the village authorities had to come by a 4wheel village ambulance, because the road was very bad.
On the other hand, the party spokesperson, who is also a retired police officer, Bah M Kharkrang, said the party is surprised by the sudden withdrawal of the HNLC from the peace talks with the government.
Nongstoin, March 09: The District Office of the Swachh Bharat Mission on Saturday celebrated Swacchata Hi Seva in West Khasi Hills District.
He said that this road will also facilitate the transportation of mineral resources such as coal, oil, timber, and this will boost the trade of people from Meghalaya and Assam.
Before that flood comes or covers us, let us unite and work together to improve this country and our nation, so that we can protect it instead of fighting against death. .
In the follow-up, the union received information from Coming One Ymbon that the site for the construction of the house in Bangalore has been identified and selected and the site needs to be approved by the Prime Minister.
The HYC Ri Bhoi District has demanded that the state government should immediately stop the construction of Assam roads in the border areas. Block-2, because it has caused trouble to the residents of Madan Umwang, Umtlih and other villages in the area, because of the construction of these roads by Assam, led by the contractors who live in different parts of Assam.
In the past years, we have shot dead your brother, Lal Singh, for his crimes, which have hurt the feelings of our people,” said the HNLC. It is clear that any foreigner who has settled in Hynniewtrep, we welcome you to live here, but refrain from owning our land, using force, forcing or to destroy us but otherwise you will face a terrible punishment, as a thief can never be the owner,” said the statement.
She said that the price charged by the Seng Kynthei is very low compared to other Creches, as the aim of the Seng Kynthei is to charge a low price to support the brothers and sisters. women who need help.
These songs are as follows:-No.5: 'The Kha-Khasi Census' – as a syllok to explain the invitation to the members of the Seng who are still holding the Khasi census. nothing.
Police have increased the buskit on those involved in the murder of Umesh Pal from T.50,000 to T.2.5 lakh each.
“How does Modi know how to run the house? That is why he went to rob the houses of others.
Shillong, June 24: A group of students from various universities in Ri Khasi and Jaintia Hills have decided to give 10 months to the government to release the Post Matric Scholarship for the year. 2014-2015 otherwise they will have already staged protests against the state government.
The FKJGP has alleged that the villagers are not aware of the loss of the smart meter and have been told that the company's staff will come to install the smart meter.
Shop owners can check the number of the day on which they should open and the Tympang Dorbar Shnong has said that it will complete the numbering process at night in all the shops.
Friends, what I mean is that when we talk about the anxiety of poverty, we see that such anxiety does not only affect those who are the poorest of the poor, but it also affects even to the rich because the life of a person is the richer he wants more and more, and this anxiety of poverty does not only work in the life of an individual, it also works in the family. and what is more surprising to know that this poverty works even in the authorities or in the government, we hear from time to time the complaints of the authorities, whether it is The Government of Meghalaya is now worried about the amount of money especially at this time to fight against Corona Virus. They also worry, how much more for us who are poor and don't get enough income, especially in these days of unemployment, how much more for us that this worry works better, ho, In fact, many families can say that it is because of this anxiety that causes divisions in the home.
This was done in the scheduled manner according to the announcement issued by the Red Fort.
And that Day is the last 7 years of the 70 years foretold by the prophet Daniel.
At the closing ceremony, Samla Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, who was also the chief guest, along with other elders of the area, including the Sohpdok Village Leader and others.
The source said that at the meeting, the officials from Kamrup District and the MLA of Boko, also announced that they will allocate a scheme of up to T.1 crore for the betterment of the people. and this place with the growth of par.
The last day of the celebration was enriched by songs and drills, which were attended by school children and villagers of Jowai.
Malngiang's support was welcomed by the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
While the economic growth in India has been slow from Rithor due to the lack of opportunities to develop and improve trade, the Rilum from the North Eastern States has been firmly established. They protected the whole of India.
He said that the union has tried to find out why the number of schools according to the list from DSEL and the government announcement differs but the DSEL has said that it has no information on these schools. the school is not the most.
In the men's category, Dipankar Mech of Assam won the title while in the women's category, Yogesh Choudhury of Haryana won the title.
Roberts is under the influence of the Biblical account of the fall of Adam and Eve in the garden of Eden.
After scoring two goals, Laitryngew through Johnplayson Lyngdoh scored the third goal in the 64th minute but Rangdajied scored in the 85th minute. Rynjah was able to replace.
“We will continue to clean the plastic and also the spectator area of ​​the 1st ground,” said Bah Banteidor.
The walk was not only for the prize money but also for the test of the participants themselves how much they have the spirit to do and endure the time. jrem to complete the journey which they did not know how it would be and when they would reach the end.
They too will grow in the years to come, for they have their own kind of counting, which we don't know.
The Congress leader will leave Shillong tomorrow for Garo Hills.
The Nongkrem MLA who announced this in front of thousands of people who came to support the VPP in its demand to amend and improve the Reservation Policy.
The meeting was to train the youth how to stand for work in this election to ensure that the party will get power in the state.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA of Malki-Laitumkhrah Constituency, MLA of Malki-Laitumkhrah, Bah Fantin. Nongthymmai MLA Charles Pyngrope, Education Minister Lakmen Rymbui, Shillong South MLA Adelbert Nongrum and several government officials were also present.
The law said that such fires pose a serious threat to human life, property and also damage the environment.
The rally is scheduled to be held at Madan Malki at 11 pm in which teachers from all over the state will take part.
Sushmita Dev said that with the ban on coal imports from Meghalaya, the factory, which can produce up to 1,00,000 tonnes of coal per annum, will be in dire straits to continue its operations.
Space is life and we must think about the future.
The plane, carrying 168 people, has crashed into the sea at an airport in Turkey.
The program was inaugurated by the General Manager of the RBI, Paoboi Gante and speaking at the meeting, he explained many of the benefits to the public on how to deposit and withdraw money from the bank.
“It’s up to people to understand that money is for one day and hard work and programs will last a lifetime.
It is learned that after the incident in Mawlangkhar, there was a stir in the area of ​​the truck, as many people were afraid of the driving.
The march started from the Congress headquarters at Bhawan to Kangla gate about 100 meters away and ended in a peaceful manner.
The residents also urged the contractor to expedite the construction of this road, so that it will bring real benefits to the people.
The President of KHNAM YW, Bah Thomas Passah, said that only three parking lots, Laban, Mawprem and Polo, were found that when asked for Labor License, these foreigners shook their heads. There is also one person we ask who doesn't have a Labor License,” said Thomas.
But surprisingly, the demons recognized Jesus again and again, saying – “You are the Christ, the Son of God” (Luke 4:41).
He said that according to information, there are those who intend to fight against this especially in Pynursla market, where they intend to form their own association, the Riwar Butchers Association to trade cows.
However, as it is now, it is clear that this share does not match the population of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo because at that time, the legislators had estimated without looking at the census,” he said. said Bah Donbok.
The DGP said 25 out of 100 drug traffickers were from Tripura, Mizoram and Manipur as well as from Punjab, Bihar and Bengal.
He also won the U-19 Boys Singles Title at the National Ranking Tournament in Dehradun in 2021 and plans to come to Shillong for the National Table Tennis Championship.
These organizations are Karbi Students Association (KSA-Bijoy Bey), All Dimasa Students Union, Karbi Longri NC Hills Liberation Front, Karbi Students and Youth Council and Karbi Farmers Association.
He said that as it was an incident that happened near Themiew, it is the duty of the village to look into it.
The launch of Chandrayaan-2 came after 10 months of suspension due to a breakdown of equipment related to the fuel line of the machine.
According to the BBC, the death toll in Israel from Hamas attacks has risen to 900 since Saturday, including 260 killed in the area. a song festival was held.
He then continued his answer by saying that he would make it possible for the players to go to Ranchi and immediately Shangpliang said, “The game in Ranchi is over”.
Later, Wailadmiki Shylla spoke and finally the Congress candidate spoke.
Sivasagar was the worst affected district with nearly 23,000 people followed by Dhemaji (20,500) and Chirang (1,500), she said.
Forty-three years ago, in 1977, we went to Mikir Hills (formerly known as Karbi Anglong).
Those who live near the sea should be quick to help and rescue people when they are shipwrecked and to bury those who find themselves in shipwreck. Bri u Hynniewtrep, we should know the history of Britain in the 17th and 18th centuries.
He said that the Block is one of the most important sectors to improve income especially in the rural areas. “About 80 percent of the development works come through the Block”. “It will help the people to get closer to the working methods of the government,” said the Prime Minister.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Pathaw said that in the four years he has worked as an MDC, when he was in one party, he saw the NPP party, which cannot come. bring about a system of governance that can bring peace and stability to the state.
He said that the government has decided not to request the Central Government to issue a notice to the President to exempt the state from the Central Government's ban on coal mining in the state. Bah Pynshngain said that in fact the decision on this should be taken in consultation with the district councils to take a decision and send it back to the government because according to Para AB of the Sixth Scheduled, it is the duty of the district councils. district council to look after the land.
“Yes,” replied Kong Rep and immediately picked up the bread.
There are still many shortcomings in the school where the teachers of the school have been paid only through the ADhoc Grant.
If there is any development work, the JHADC and Mupyut should inform each other.
The Dorbar Shnong Namdong B has decided to hold a counting of votes for the election of Waheh Shnong.
The maximum depth of the 5.2 magnitude earthquake was 14 km and affected Bhutan and West Bengal.
Since becoming MLA, Bah SK Sun, they have worked hard to help in the provision of ambulances and he said that a resolution has been passed in the House regarding the ambulances and that the government still lacks funds. and until now their labor has been fulfilled.
The Shnong Nongsynrieh and the Kur Nonglang have started to improve the area around Mawlyngdoh from the east. start building a dam to build a pond to clean and swim.
For those who come on Sunday, parking will be at the Parking Lot at Polo Ground, near the venue.
MRSA is widespread in prisons, soldiers and among the physically active.
When asked for comment, Bah John said that Bah Lambor Nongrum may not contest and may support the candidate who gave the party ticket but Bah Lambor Malngiang cannot be known.
A team of Police also joined in the incident.
He said that the border demarcation in four places namely Upper Tarabari, Gizang, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pilangkata and Ratachera by the Survey of India in the presence of officials of the governments of Assam and Meghalaya should also be completed. by 31st November this year.
The four suspects were brought before the court on July 27 and remanded in Judicial Custody for 14 days.
In the case of cattle breeding, many people face problems due to the spread of insects known as simet.
The reason for the protest is that the government has not been able to complete the talks with the central government or Amit Shah to sign the MRSSA ordinance and implement the MRSSA soon. Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: It has been almost two years since the SSA LP School in Khliehumwang village, has been destroyed by the Assam Police. The state government has not done anything for the school and this has caused a lot of trouble not only to the teachers, but especially to the students who attend the school.
The ceremony was held at Madan Ïewrynghep, Laitumkhrah in the presence of the Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri as the chief guest, Director of Sports, Vibhor Aggarwal (IAS). , the Director of I
Nongstoiñ, Ïaiong, 11: Five villages in the Langja area on Saturday, through the village headmen, held a public meeting at Umthlu, one of the villages in the Langja area.
It may be recalled that the state government has deployed strong security forces on this day, to prevent any tragic incident from happening on this day of curfew.
Ardent will lead the 29 MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to meet with the people of the area and after their visit, they can submit a petition to the government to take the necessary action.
For Fair Price Shops, you must be a citizen of Meghalaya and a resident of that village/area.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that the EM of the UDP has been able to reveal the jyrsieh which has been hidden for about three years. He said that it is the responsibility of the PDF and not the responsibility of the UDP alone as the UDP is also a member of the PDF. He said that the UDP should not want to respect the investigation into the corruption case and said that it is the responsibility of the PDF, as it too is a member of the party. The EC has already found the matter but does not want to disclose it.
He said that there are more than 500 cases of COVID-19 in West Khasi Hills.
We are entitled to know whether this increase in prices is an expropriation by the sellers, or whether there has been new price creation by the manufacturing enterprises".
When%20answer%20about%20this%20is%20about%20%C3%Above,%20u%20%20%20%20%20%20%20Member%20goes%20to%20see%20%20%C3%After%20the%20department%20tax,%20and%20%20%20%20tax%20 20and%20Minerals,%20u%20Bah%20Middle%20J%20Lakadong,%20u%20la%20ong%20ba%20to%20EC%20with%20attention%20%C3%AFa%20to%20%20%to%20%20%20%20%h20 20State%20weather%20%C3%According%20and%20to%20%C3%For%20the%20%20%20%20%20 20%C3%AFa%20of%20in%20above%20in%20of%20from%20%20of%20from%20%20of%20%20from%2025%20%20to%20%2035%.
In collaboration with the Assam Police, searches were conducted in some suspected places where these people live, but they were not found as they had fled.
He said that these statements which the leaders make from time to time, are for the people to understand and consider and the Revolution will speak on these statements in due course, after the strengthen this revolution.
Therefore, we have to look into all these issues and we hope that we will gradually be able to find ways and means to address these problems of the State,” he added.
The role of Syiem Longshai was taken by Banjop Leo Kharmalki, who gave himself so much that he did not hesitate to play the injured roles with the intention of becoming an example in the field of Khasi dance in the state.
But it disappeared without getting anywhere.
Ri-Bhoi DCA will face East Jaintia Hills DCA from Zone 1 of Group A while South Garo Hills will face Tura DCA from Zone .
Furthermore, the District Councils in charge of these areas should be responsible and communicate the demands of the people, not just the residents and civil society.
The 5th Meghalaya Games will be held from 15th to 20th July
He said that during the meeting, the Government has decided to encourage the Officers to continue their education in various universities, which award Degrees and Diplomas.
Since when did Aadhaar become law in Meghalaya? When did the Supreme Court rule that Adhaar became compulsory?
Out of the nine states of the North East, we have never seen a daily conflict between Assam and Meghalaya and in every conflict, we have seen that The people are the victims and apart from the people, no one else helps and protects them and the surprising thing is that the police, the magistrates, do not fight at all, even once to show force, on this. the violence of the villagers.
In order to find out the truth about the plastic rice, the media visited the stock area of ​​FCI godown at Mawsmai 11mer Ri Bhoi District. , where he met with the Divisional Manager of Shillong FCI, Bajrang Agarwal.
He said Israel could be attacked by Iran at any time through drones and missiles at the same time as Russia is doing to Ukraine.
Vikash Nandwal was seriously injured when his body caught fire after the robbers threw petrol on him.
In a meeting with the CEM on the 27th of this month, the SNSBH is pleased to receive the Notification NO.DC.XXVII/Genl/89/2015/7 issued by the KHADC empowering the Dorbar Shnongs to continue their usual activities.
Nongpoh: Heavy rainfall which lasted for several hours, since Thursday night, has caused heavy flooding in Lumbyrhing village, Pahamrioh village and affected houses in the village. It has also caused disruption in the traffic on the NH-6
He said that the central government has approved this initiative of the state government.
The WJHD has confirmed the title after the U-16 boys team won the title by winning 15 medals including 9 Gold, one Silver and one Bronze medal.
Former MLA and UDP candidate from West Shillong constituency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on 7th June denied the claims of Bah Bindo M Lanong and said that the UDP will will win more in this upcoming election.
In a letter sent to the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, Bernard N. Marak said that the delay in releasing the scholarship has affected many students of the state.
“My father came home.
He said the VPP understands and is concerned about the lack of development especially in the field of education.
In India, a 76-year-old man has died of Coronavirus in Kalaburagi, Karnataka.
The competition was started in 1947 by the British Government after the Second World War with the aim of bringing peace through the music of different ethnic groups.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sohliya said that the Draft Electoral Roll of the Special Summary Revision for these four constituencies has already been released and the deadline is from 27th March to 9th March. November 2023, in which he urged the cooperation of all political parties during this period to ensure that the names on the electoral roll and to ensure that no one is entitled to receive them. vote for them to be left out.
Meanwhile, the United Democratic Party (UDP) has not yet taken a decision whether to support or oppose the Government of India's plan to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC). in the whole of India.
Stimac has watched Indian Arrows' three I-League matches at home at the Cooperage Stadium against East Bengal (1-3), Chennai City FC (0-2) and Punjab FC (1-1). 1).
Then even the beautiful living creatures become extinct, because they cannot withstand the fire and smoke.
Speaking to SP News Agency at Civil Hospital Shillong, he said that the incident happened on the 14th of this month at 7 pm and a complaint was lodged with the Ranikor police station. They were sent to Ranikor PHC for treatment of their right hand which was injured in the bomb blast on the same day. Sengran T Sangma, Tochang M Marak, Tengku M Marak and Swinson T Sangma are all from Gillagora.
The rally started from United National Secondary School, Mawrang and continued to Rambrai Market.
The sale or patta of the Khar Assam to become the trees of the Khasi Hills, the wealth of thousands of crores of precious metals on Lum Murok is in the file of the Syiem. In front of the people who hoped to receive a share of lakhs of rupees per household, now more than 100,000 people are still in the country.
You have now seen the changes in the state, so we hope to get the support of the people of the state," he said.
Nongpoh, March 02: The residents of Kyrdemkulai village, 6 km in Ri Bhoi District, have been able to open a new health center in Kyrdemkulai village, Ri Bhoi District. One E-Learning Center and also a Turmeric Processing Unit on 29th November 2023 at Kyrdemkulai Village in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Modi Fan Club, Meghalaya, in its executive meeting held on the 29th of this month, has failed to decide whether to support any candidate for the 2014 MP elections. In a statement, the General Secretary of the group, Romeo Phira Rani, said that the meeting was held at a general meeting of all the members to take a decision.
The Fire Brigade and Ummulong Village Police Station rushed to the scene and found that the flames had burnt down all the belongings inside the house.
The owners of these illegal coke factories were arrested by the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on July 26 in the presence of Magistrates and DMRs. They have been charged under Shallang PS Case No.39( 12)2022 U/S 188/34/379/120 B IPC R/w Sec 3(1)/21(1) MMDR Act, R/w Sec 15 Environment (Protection) Act bad Sec 3 Explosive Substances Act.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Cricket Association (RIC) has won the Inter-District Under-19 Cricket Tournament 2022, which was organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCC) on Tuesday. In collaboration with the Ri Bhoi Cricket Association, which was held at the RBDCA Cricket Ground in Nongkhrah, Nongpoh.
When the Dkhars worship idols to some extent, we should be more.
This year, he will also be seen in Tiger 3 directed by Maneesh Sharma and Tiger vs Pathaan directed by Siddharth Anand.
Jaskirat and Dippu scored 87 runs for the loss of the sixth wicket, but both were dismissed without reaching half-centuries.
Those who walk or stand should wear masks even at home, especially when there are elderly or sick people at home.
“He said that the allegations of corruption against the MDA government are only political acts during the elections.
According to the National Cancer Institute, formalin can also cause cancer.
Shillong, November 30: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has strongly criticized the legislators and the state government for making money without thinking about the people until it creates the National Green. The Tribunal (NGT) has not been able to respond to this state.
Ollan said that he doesn't want to promise anything before the election but to do the job first, because a person can still respect how hard he has tried but not how much he has done. won.
According to the source, MeECL will install a transformer of up to 500 KV at the site.
On the 19th November 2019, many people have come to attend those rallies because they say that the ILP has been granted in our State.
They scored 143 runs for the loss of three wickets and scored nine runs in 10 overs before Sachin was bowled by Arbin Singh.
Give the first glory to God who still loves our nation.
“The people should not vote for the 5,000 they receive once every five years but should vote for development projects," he urged the people.
“We have nominated Auguster Jyrwa as the candidate of this party from Jaiaw,” said Paul.
At the same time, the union warns those foreigners who come to force the Rangbah Shnongs of the area, to stop immediately, otherwise the union will take strong action.
What happened is that the IFA has taken over the land of SS Net Com, before taking over the land do you need to investigate and at the same time these young people who have been trained have brought back the “They went to Shillong and taught these children to do bad things and this is even more dangerous,” he said.
Under the leadership of the Superintendent of Police, Imphal West District – S Ibomcha, Singjamei Police have arrested six drug users near Little Rose School. , Imphal on Tuesday night.
Therefore, the public is requested to comment on the statement by e-mail sainriti2011@gmail.
The Government will also appoint hundreds of teachers in community colleges.
The 100 cities selected in the two-phase competition are to be developed as Smart Cities and these have already made progress in this regard.
Speaking to reporters, Subrat Das said that World Post Day is celebrated every year from 9th to 13th March to commemorate the launch of Universal Postal. Union (UPU) in 1874 in Berne Switzerland.
Therefore they could not sin, but they worshiped idols, and made calves of gold.
“The UDP will not work with any political party so far which means we will contest alone and we will get more than 30 MLAs,” he told reporters.
In fact, the relatives of these children have met with the school authorities but the school authorities have not allowed the journalists to enter but have confirmed that they will send people to search. to these children.
He said that the government department has also gone to provide assistance to the family of the woman who died in the incident.
He said that this is due to the lack of responsibility as people for the cleanliness of the village, who have been able to throw away the garbage brought from their homes without finding it. .
After the bamja, they ate the kwai and tympew as usual in the Khasi custom since ancient times.
About 100 people are still missing from the incident.
Throughout the day, the MLA of Nongpoh, also handed over money to the Dorbar Shnong so that it can work and provide for the needs and especially to look after the family whose father has contracted COVID-1 -19.
However, on the evening of Tuesday, she became ill with fever and chills.
Speaking as the chief guest, Manbha Kyndoh, Dolloi Elaka Narpuh said that the ability to follow and preserve the religion and customs taught by our ancestors is the pride of the country and the nation. The children of the Raij and the Elaka to be united and live to serve in the way of righteousness.
When asked how much they have paid, the government replied that it is T.135 tyngka per sq.m.
Therefore, all these have increased the BJP's misuse of power and especially its religious involvement in politics. This is an opportunity for other parties to end the BJP. BJP. Here in Meghalaya too, the people have turned to the Congress.
“We too will keep you all in our prayers while we are alive in this most beautiful world that God has given us all.
As a leader, Khongwir has also served as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in the Government of Brington Buhai Lyngdoh and before that, he held senior positions in the Government of Darwin Diengdoh Pugh.
They rushed to the authorities to report the whereabouts of Marten and after a while police arrived and tried to search for him by using JCBs but until the publication of this news no trace of him has been found. he is the old man.
The mining of stone, coal, oil and other minerals destroys the environment and affects the people.
The voice of many churches is that they have been shocked by the division of fellow leaders in many areas and if this situation continues the trust of the people will be lost and it will be very difficult to regain it. you have faith.
Shillong: The Congress Party (MPCC) has lodged a complaint against the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya for the release of the Lyngkdop newspaper. which accused the Congress party of '15 years of looting and 15 years of destruction'
He said that the closure of traffic from this area has caused traffic jam and heavy traffic congestion in these areas and said that the government should immediately evacuate the residents of this area. this bag.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 174 new cases and 1896 active cases in the state.
“Send notice to the above named defendants and clarify from them why no rules or orders should be issued when it is found necessary to do so,since the complaint has already been taken Sou Acting Chief Justice SR Sen.
In fact, there were 21,75,236 voters in 60 constituencies but due to the suspension of Sohiong, there are now 21,40,453 voters in 59 constituencies.
Speaking about the death of Bah Hoping, to defend the border; Denis, or Koh De, said that the border villages, which are mostly inhabited by Maram or Mawiang, are in Mawsikar, Langpih and Kyrdum and these are inhabited by Khasi.
PFR Football Academy won the title of the Assam Football League by beating North East United 5-4 in the tie breaker.
The Norwegian federation has also canceled the annual tournament of the Games which was scheduled to be held in Oslo.
The match between the two teams in the remaining minutes was very fierce, but it was in the 55th minute that Kyrpadlang Tariang scored the first goal of the match. three for Malki who won 3-2
On the occasion of Independence Day, Narendra Modi expressed the need to reduce the population of the country and on this issue, BJP MP Ajay Bhatt raised the issue of in the House of Parliament, for the purpose of allowing husbands and wives to have only two children.
Government authorities said that many trees and electricity poles have been cut down and power outages have been caused across the area.
The body of Roshan Gongo of 1st IRBn was found from the roof of a building connecting Block-1 and Block-2 of the State Civil Secretariat. .
The Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang, said that the Government is working to get a waste disposal site outside and farther away from Shillong.
Modern methods and benefits of agriculture were discussed in the meeting.
These markets include JPC Market, CNI Market, Lawseinraij and Temporary Vending Zones.
US President Joe Biden on Wednesday held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin and ordered Russia to withdraw from the Ukrainian border.
This silence shows that the fault lies with these border guards and not with Bah Ronning.
To assist the households in the Urban Area, the Government should look into the BPL Card and also consult with the Dorbar Shnongs.
Jowai, July 28 : Two persons were killed in a road accident at Puriang village on the Shillong-Jowai road this evening.
“There are about 5,000 rooms in three star and five star hotels in Ahmedabad, while the total in Gujarat is about 10,0
He said that the entry and exit points that have been prepared now are for the roads but for the railway, it needs other means.
The Minister of Education and MLA of War Jaintia, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, has awarded cash prizes and certificates to the students who have passed well in various examinations. Hall, Amlarem.
The festival will also be an opportunity for many youths of Ri-Bhoi to take part in various competitions organized by UTD in collaboration with the youths of Umsning area. The people especially the youth will be able to enjoy themselves with the understanding that they should not cause any disturbance.
In a statement issued on Tuesday, the DC said that thanks to the hard work of the Executive Magistrates and Police, on 16th and 17th November 2022, a search operation was conducted. illegal coal factories and 57 have been closed down.
In Laitkseh village, hundreds of people from the elderly, women and youth came to join the UDP and confirmed the party office bearers and full members in the village.
“We will give the government until 15th November to pay our salaries, otherwise we will immediately close down the office of the Commandant Home Guard,” said the Volunteer COVID-1
The MDC did not mention the name of the MLA, but his speech referred to the MLA of Mowkaiaw who said that he has shown to the world that he only speaks in the Assembly. However, Mowkaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh's speech at the foundation stone laying ceremony for the construction of Govt LP School and Govt Upper Primary School Mowkaiaw on Thursday, said: He slammed those who try to mislead the people by not doing the development works he has brought to Mowkaiaw Constituency.
The election campaign is over.
As shown in this final match, the players from both teams fought hard from the start.
The party will hold a special prayer for the Prime Minister and will continue to distribute aid to the people in need.
However, it said attacks by the Islamic State (IS) continue from time to time even after falling under Afghan control.
After about six months since the reopening of schools, the state education department is still struggling to create new ways and means to bring about a change in the education of the students. student.
“The fund for this has already been allocated and the Municipal Board has started the work,” he said in reply to a question in the Legislative Assembly.
Furthermore, the KHADC will comply with the provisions of the Street Vendors Act
The AAY rice will be distributed according to the following rules: AAY rice will be distributed at 5 kilos per head, free of charge, while PHH rice will be distributed at 5 kilos per head free of charge.
The District Magistrate, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki on Thursday announced that the markets have been allowed to open for three days next month on Monday, Tuesday and Thursday. Only 50 percent of the markets allowed to open from 9 am to 3 PM include Khliehriat East.
After%20%20my%20request%20%C3%to%20the%20%20Government%20,%20%20%20I%20%20%20%C3%give%20%20%money%20to%20the%20%20%20.
We think that if we can keep the Khasi States as they are, it will help and make it easier to get our own State.
" Deisy's words.
Dr. Mukul said this at a meeting held today to discuss the anti-mynder laws.
“Now that the report has come out and it is not according to his (Dr Mukul's) wishes, it does not mean that you have to ignore the rules of the investigation,” James told reporters.
This rifle was brought outside and was made by Walther, which was worth a thousand dollars.
Russian troops have fired 30 rockets at a base in Yavoriv, ​​near Lviv, injuring 134 people in Russian shelling or what Ukraine has claimed. There are foreign teachers at the Yavoriv International Center for Peacekeeping and Security, but it is not known whether they are involved in the training. don't be afraid, in that place, at the time of the storm.
It is that which produces or shakes or stirred up the heart that when it cannot be touched by others.
The puh shilum vehicles have been blocked all night and have covered the ground and stones so that the vehicles can pass through this road.
In the Senior Cadet Girls 45kg category, Nongbri won the silver medal, Evadahunshisha Kharmudai won the bronze medal and Monalisa Marak won the bronze medal.
The tournament, organized by the Sports Department of the State Government, was divided into three categories.
“It is to be recalled that the VPP, although a new party, has won 4 MLAs out of 18 candidates in the elections which ended on 7th June that's good.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, on receiving information about the incident, visited the house of Bah Khongwir and expressed his condolences. He devoted his life to the public service until his death.
Jamia (Milia Islamia) University played well in this final, but we are happy to beat them because our main goal is to prove that our team will be the best among the universities in the country. India, and now we have achieved it.
